Okay, I'm here again with the conversation of the money models
part for okay, so you've got like
So again that we really just have to really look at each one of these
Upsell for I need to consolidate them and put them in there. Maybe it's not gonna work perfect
But I wanted to get 80% there
Well, that's what we want to do is ask Chad to look through what he's done and say hey
Is our promo actually that good or what would Alex do that we don't and one thing is you know what he released?
He released an AI model another and not it's not a model. It's a an AI advisor
basically that he said that he's given not only
public
Conversations but also internal applications with recommendations
So I don't know I don't know if that's kind of worth it
But basically it's kind of getting you're almost creating it right now yourself right here
We are but it doesn't hurt to look at what he doesn't hurt and say okay
We want something better than that, but here's what I can say right so so read the I want to say this here
My ex can get wide free
So what is sell a core package add a selected three nine pound specialty bag or low-cost bonus?
Here's the deal he said people want to get not one thing free
They want to get three four five six things free the more free things you can give them the more people are turned on
So then that would be the garden refresh because I do that in the garden refresh
I know but when you're giving something away
Like buy X so you're buying me a core package whatever it is. Yeah, I don't care
That's the side you're buying that what are you giving you're giving one nine-pound bag away for free wait a second
You can give a warranty away for free wait a second you can give a
Garden class away for subscription for the whole year for free
But you normally cost five dollars wait a second. What else we can give away the
Garden almanac for free the garden schedule for free you can give my books
You know, maybe a book away for free
Especially if we get a digital book or a book on tape that causes very little but you're looking that's why I keep saying we need to add more stuff
You're like ah, it's too complicated to more too much my point is is if you want
I just don't want it to fall
But if you want this but if you want this to work the way he's telling you you are giving away
Charge them for one fucking thing, but give them away like seven things people love shit. That's a giveaway. They just love it, right?
So instead of just keeping it super simple you get a nine am I gonna go out buy a
$500 package from you
Because you're giving me one nine-back
Shit for free no give me three or four of those motherfuckers, but give me give me all the other stuff
We're talking about which don't really have any cost to us all these digital items
Don't have a cost give them all away for free give them a warranty away from free, you know give them their money back
You know you can combine this with the next one which is money back
You know win your money back sell the garden packaging class
Reward customers who complete the class and prove results that one right there though add to it what you're what is this?
One is based on conditions. I know here's your condition
So so so so first of all read them because they like if you see the the schedule see what I added in there
Because I added that one that one is one of the highlight is okay, so so here's your
Promo your promo office garden refresh nice. It's just there is that
It's gonna be there is come to one garden class
I don't know why is
We have give it go here. It is here giveaway attraction model finish and measure the Mikey's warm
promotion. Oh keep the test a blanket
Yeah, no, I don't think that's it
I'm gonna drive
Drive for my back
I don't like you now
So you got the structure in place now you got to flush each one of those out
How do I take this structure that I have and make it ten times better? What am I adding? What am I always on October?
Okay
Use Mikey's attend one garden class provide testimony and get your money back
Love it when not money back, but it's still created probably right?
It's just I know but here's the thing maybe you do give your money back, but what I would do then from there is when you're about ready to give
Their money back you now you need to upsell
We want to say okay
I'm ready to give you your money back. You just gave us three hundred ninety nine dollars
You know
Would you consider you you enjoyed the class this product worked you liked it?
Would you consider getting?
Product for the whole year like on a quarterly basis or would you?
Consider getting this bigger package or whatever if I roll the three hundred ninety nine dollars into it
So you never really want to give them their money back. You want to roll that money back into the next big offer
That's what he's talking about when he's talking about upselling so sure we can get money back. Here's your money
It's three hundred ninety nine dollars, but and what did he say it has to be four times more valuable
I know he kind of said that but what how explain that to me again?
Okay, so if I'm if I'm
I'm let's just say maybe it's a smaller item
So, you know if it's an item that he spent
Four hundred dollars on right?
Let's call it 400 like a garden refresh bag system or whatever and they went through our class they gave us a testimonial
They gave us three other
friends is is is
Potential buyers right and now
They completed it it's the end of 90 days and they they're coming back looking for their money
You when they come back you're like hey congratulations
You did it. We love you
Oh, yeah, that's what they do all day long along the beaches
But now here's the thing I got even a better deal for you
You you just got the entire garden system for free, right?
Yeah, and it's great and we became friends you became part of our family
Okay, now
Here's the thing
How about if I give you this other offer worth four times more?
Which in other words, you've got another offer that's sixteen hundred and you're giving them
The three hundred ninety nine dollars that he just got his money back for
on
That next offer so you now have a sixteen hundred dollar package that you're to sell them
And you're to give them 400 bucks back now. You're going to give it to him for 1200
right?
That's the idea of
An upsell it's a rollover you're taking the money that you're giving back you're taking and saying buy more product with it
And if you do here's what i'm going to do and you but you have to have a very specific
So I always you know you start talking and you give a lot of ideas all of them good
My my
Job then is to standardize it right?
So here's the system that I kind of think about it, right?
So number one is
To get your money back. What is it?
Well, you have to attend to a garden class. Well, that's trackable because every time you go to the garden class
You're gonna sign up second thing you got to provide a testimonial
well, that's trackable because you're gonna
submit a
Testimonial here and I can track it to your account, right?
Yes or no? Yep. And then
So there's and then the second requirement is that it has to be maybe less than five hundred dollars
Okay, right? So
So that way I can standardize it so that way your bundle that I'm gonna give you the the greatest offer
Is gonna be in a thousand dollar offer our job right now is to come up with higher higher dollar
Products and packages we have to have higher dollar packages right now all of our packages are too inexpensive
Because we wanted to
Well, I introduced the 149 I can build it up into tears so
Tell me if you believe this right?
I got an offer for 69 dollars. I got an offer for a hundred and forty nine dollars. I have enough for four hundred and ninety nine dollars
The next offer what is the value?
We want to get we want to get to the point where your top product is
eighteen hundred and ninety nine dollars and I can tell you
Eighteen hundred at least at least but one of the ways to do it maybe even more is to sell like a garden bed
Or sell see what i'm saying is to sell some physical products. So talk to me about that because you know logistics are shipping
That's the only thing
I guess so but here's my whole point
What we're talking about with some of the things you're doing the giveaway
Some of these promos they're going to get their money back
But we have ancillary benefits
One is the guy just turned us on to three of his neighbors the next one. Oh, that's the next one. That's one that I forgot
No, you've got it. Well, you're right. No, I don't have it
But you do have in that
He's going to
He's going to do a testimonial
He's going to be one of the people in your class
So you're building a customer base with him
You're trying to expand it by getting him to give you three other customers
But now you got a testimonial and now you're going to podcast with that customer
You're going to show that testimonial which might give you another two or three customers
So you got an ancillary benefit, but at the end of the day
We really don't want to give money back
What we want to do is get him to roll over so the rollover so here's the point
You've got these these uh
These promos for august september october and almost november
But but my whole point to you is you got these things in place and they are
examples of one of his money models
And you're using right your particular product for it. Yeah, my point to you is
Okay
What are great money model follow-ups?
So
This guy signed up. He's got his freebie going
We're going to keep track of them over the next 90 days, right?
And he's gonna want his fucking money back and we want to give it to him
But we want to give it to him in the form of a
Credit
To buy a new product more product
Even if he doesn't buy this guy says he needs to buy product four times more value to cover the cost
But even if he's just using it to buy
Product at the same cost in other words, we're doing in other words
We're giving him
Two for the price of one either way. We don't want it to affect their cash flow
So so the point though to you is
It it's not in august it's happening three or four months later
But we need to show our sales team
That and we can build it actually in your
Digital and and actually yeah, that's a good point because i'm dividing it per
Fucking month, but i'm like well this fucking offer the garden refresh
That should fucking be all year round right well what we're trying to do is get continuity sales
But we're also trying to sell more product and more than anything
It's like an offer that is going to have a
Timing right it's gonna say if it's 90 days
Well, the offer could start in front is my point to you is you've got a big garden giveaway
Okay, you laid it out
October you've got using mikey's and you're giving them
Their money chance to win their money back. Okay, great
My point to you is this he has four money models
And each money model he has
Multiple different ways of delivering right so my point to you is
What are your follow-up money models to this?
You can't have them at the same time
You can't like okay use the guy signs up
He wants to do his garden refresh
And he's going to go through the motion of of giving you his buddies names and he's going to go through the classes and blah blah blah blah blah
At a point in time though
He's going to successfully do some of that
And what we want to do is come back to him and say look
Okay, well, how about this? Let's say the guy comes to the garden classes
He buys the product at in cash
And but he didn't he didn't do the promo
Video or he didn't do the he didn't give you three names. He only gave you one or two
What we're going to do is send him a follow-up email saying hey, you came very close to getting the whole thing done
And because we love you as a customer, we're going to give you the money back anyway
So here's the thing. However, I need to do what upsell this thing
You've got 400 of our dollars to use. How would you like to do it as a store credit?
And how would you like to do it as a store credit if I
um
On a on the next package
The next package is a thousand fucking dollars. How do you like to use this as a store credit on that?
You know, so my point is we need to talk about the fun
Re-engagement reading the name of the game with what we're doing now is re-engagement re-engagement
Because re-engagement is going to increase the number of people
So you got one customer we want to have it that one customer have a multiple of five
We want to know five new customers. So you have to re-engage though
You have one customer. It's a lot easier. We know there's one guy you can sell to because he's already bought your shit
We sell we send postcards out to everybody in
uh, fucking arizona
Only five percent of them have any interest in buying your shit, but I can tell you the guy who already bought our product
He's 100 interested in buying our products
So your job is to continue to re-engage him to buy more and more products
And how do we do it? Well, there's follow-up money model
uh, uh, money models that go to each one of these things at the end of august
Yeah, and you can automate a lot of them. Yeah, and you can train the
Our sales people and I agree with you. I want to get there, but I believe in iterative improvement
I think maybe we install the four models that don't have a fucking per month basis
But rather it has a pair when you start a basis, right?
Um, and it's all year around, but we always have to have upsells
And after that we kind of figured out what are the dynamics they call back or they hey
They call you and say hey, I completed my yeah, I want my money back
Okay, and that moment now I have the client now
I got him engaged and this is what happened and I fucked up the first line. That's okay
I need to go through that because I don't understand the yet, you know, and so that's what that's that's my point to you
I definitely want to continue doing that my point to you is iterative improvement. I get it
So here's that here's my point to you right now. You've created this structure. You're going to put a
Advertisement out there to the universe
You're going to have signage you're going to do all of this you're going to put it on the internet blah blah blah blah blah
This is going to work. You're going to have some people signing up for this once they sign up
You want to capture them and automate the next sale
You need to can re-engage so the next sale is an upsell
You're going to say look you got here
No matter what if they satisfy most of what we ask them to do not all of it, maybe but most of it
We want to re-engage them at the end of 90 days and say hey
You can have your money back. It's maybe you even build into your money back
You can win your money back. Maybe the original sales says we're going to give you your money back toward
New purchases, maybe you start with that, but if we start if the money back
Is on something small which is a good deal
Then what we want to do is we want to upsell them on the next the next one so but you want to take that
The next money model and have it built into your system not here on paper
But automatically yeah, so you got the guy's phone number you can send your digital assistant
Yeah to call them. Yeah you or text them. Yeah, and you have their email so you can say hey
Congratulations, and thank you for being such a loyal client. Yeah, you've given you
You you just even though you didn't quite make it we're giving you your money back. So here's how we'd like to do it
We'd like to either give you your money back on this product here or this product here or
blah blah blah blah
You know, that's the that's the whole thing right because now
You're not even relying on sabrina or anybody else to deal with right the only way sabrina
Or cash or anybody's gonna do their thing is what if they're making phone calls to people or people are calling us
Or we physically see them other than that
We can't even execute any of these unless we're digital. Yeah, that's the whole point. Yeah, and we can digit
There's no reason we can't do this digitally. It's like easy. That's the easiest setup. Yeah
So and the idea is take their money right now. Yeah, no, I I get what you're saying
For me, it's just hard because like I was realizing a lot of this shit you had already said it
But the problem is that I need to see it on paper right now
The problem with fucking ai is that you start with this
Yes, definitely now the question is is what are how do you build it up? What are the follow-up? Yeah, what are my follow-up?
Um deals because we never finish engaging with the client now. He's unhappy. We give him something like a full-time
He's happy. We sell him something we never fucking give up and I get check this out homes
Miss minutes a or whatever. I've got a wine cave in France that sends me four or five fucking
Emails per day
With new sales
Now here's the thing
I scan through them real quick because on the banner. I see what it is
Sometimes they have one. Okay. We have burgundy's from 1950 to 1980
Very rare collectible pieces. I'll click on it or they have a package to get some super expensive wines
And they've got a package of these things available the reason I check on their shit is because i'm a fucking wine
Fucking oh, I I spend my money on that shit right now. How about people who are?
How about people who are?
Fucking uh rose people they are crazy rose people or you have people who are you?
What we're saying is is that there's communities. Oh, this is the best way to look at it. We have communities out there of
agriculture people
Communities the community is the person
