Fuck that at all times. So this is the conversation on the way to San Diego, and we're going to be talking about money models from Harmosi and how we're going to apply that into Soyo Cinema. Right. So we're talking about our end users. We have a bulk ends user, which is the big farmer who's never going to pay a lot of money. Our money model there is not in, you know, we need to be able to, to continue to discount and work with these guys just to move product out, assuming we end up with large quantities of product that have to be moved. And we've gotten a portion of those were tipping fees like the digested. And maybe we're getting tipping fees for like horse manure and things like that. But, um, so that's that's one, um, that we'll look at, but it's it's further out than the other ones. So the other one comes really down to. Okay, so this is then the conversation that we're having here. I'll give, I'll resume it here because my kid can get out of Tangia pretty fast. So we have 3 markets here, right? Uh, we have number one, uh, the national uh, national market, which is basically e-commerce, Amazon, or Shopify. Right now we're putting that on pause because we're taking control back of the situation. The main market that we're hitting right now and we're actually getting a qualified bit of traction and success is the local sales and kind of the volume sales as well. So in the local sales aspect of it all, we have a storefront, in Phoenix, but we're also getting a lot of calls from Google ads, for big deliveries, that as an example, it can be 12 truckloads of potting soil or molds or, you know, whatever, whatever, the 3rd market is going to be the distributor market. And that one, we are barely trying to hit it and we're going to jump into it, but now we're trying to figure it out how to adapt the 1000000 money models book from Alex Carmosi. But before we go there, if we boil it down to the end user, if we are selling either through Amazon, or we're selling this product to a for most distributors, or we're selling the, like an ace hardware, that kind of box store, or if we're selling this through our drop, a shipping operation. The end user is a homeowner. If they're not a homeowner, they're a landscaper. And if they're not a landscaper, they're a small specialty farmer. We call it small, but if you have an orchard grower or a It's not really small. It's a larger volume. But these are your primary clients. So, and farmers. And we got farmers, the farmers, small farmers, I guess we'd call them versus the large bulk farmers. The large bulk farmers are gonna have a completely different model, and we're not quite ready to work on their model. because we have one guy we think he's gonna take a lot of the product out. But for right now, we're really focusing on a homeowner or a landscaper. Those are your 2 end users, even if you're selling it through a distributor, even if you're selling it as a drop off or Amazon. So the question is, what are the different products a homeowner could possibly use? What's the different products a landscaper could possibly use? And we know there's core products for a landscaper, for products for a homeowner. So, for instance, we have our basic six products that are big products, and that is, mulches, every single, every landscape can use a mulch, whether the mulch is being put on top, to protect soil, or if that mulch is being used as a backfill mix. So that's the number one. Number two would be a potting soil, that somebody would grow vegetables in, and then the third one would be our compost, either worm compost or regular compost. Those are, so that's 3 and 4. And just to clarify here, the planpa, old stage nursery mix, which I'm now Greek, kind of changing the name to old stage body mix. Um, that one is the, the, with the one pot in soya that we are, uh, you know, it's easy to make. Now, very important. The other 2 products, worm castings and very compost. is important to understand that this is our competitive advantage. By far, I think we're the largest producer of worm castings or burn my compost and a dairy compost. So these can be our lost leaders that could provide a lot of travel. So what we really, if we differentiate our product into our main sellers that every landscaper homeowner needs, We got our main sellers, that's our big bulk, if we want to say, Paul, that's the large quantity. But then every single homeowner and landscaper has specialty plants. So if you have a rose garden, we have a rose mix. If you are planting at your house, a couple of palm trees, or a few orchard, you know, citrus, or stone fruit. And you have access to all of the product information, the certifications. Our concept is we're selling in these, the mulches are selling in a 2 cubic foot bag. Um, everything else is like a one. 5 cubic. The body soil, it's in a one. 5 cubic feedback and the soil amendments, meaning, you know, dairy composed worm castings and any other simple or concentrated plants. They're sold starting in a 9 pounder back, one cubic feedback, and then going into a super sack, and then just, you know, general. So here's our concept structurally. There's seasons for homeowners, landscapers, farmers, in Arizona, very similar to our region southwest would be California to Mexico, that kind of thing. Now, if you're going further north into the snow areas, it's a little bit different game, but for the most part, we want to have sales campaigns that are based on the seasons, because the seasons have different requirements for our product. Some of our product, like the Autumn Boost, I can't remember what we call that, the Ass Kicker or something, the summer... We have one that the only time it's a carbo. It's like a carbo load or something. And it's the... Carbo charge. Carbocharge. It's the only time you'd use it is in the fall. Like right now, we'd be selling it from now until November, December. So it's a specialty product. Realistically, they might buy that and the big bags are even an entire tote. So we got to think about how they'd use it. But some of the products, if I'm a homeowner, and I have a few roses. I only need a £9 bag, because that's gonna last me, you know, quite some time. I'm only using, you know, a couple of tablespoons or or so, um, 3 or 4 times of the year. So our deal is, as we want quantities to be able to tell people, based on what, how much crop you have or square footage or number of plants, you know, we have a solution for you. But for a lot of the homeowners, our specialty product, whether they're rose mix, or a citrus mix, or a stone fruit, or a palm, these are things that are not, if you look at the square footage of the house, it's not that much of a landscape, but they want a specialty product. So, we can sell that, that usually that 9 pound bag for those people that have the smaller quantity, or just a single bag of, you know, one cubic or two cubic foot, or one.5 cubic foot pack. The reason we say this is because we are going to have attraction sales, up sales, we are going to have down sales, and we're going to have continuity sales. So if you're a lens, if you've got a home, if you're a homeowner, and you've got what we want to be able to do is say, hey, every home is different. What do you have at your house? So we will have a native plant material or a succulent mix. We will have citrus. We'll have all these different things. And what our goal would be, let's say we have 10, 12 different soil types for a homeowner that they amendments that they might use. We know the top 4 or 5 are big sellers. But then the specialties, let's say I have a home, but I don't have palm trees. I don't want your pom mix. If I have a home, but I don't have roses. I don't want your rose mix. But so if we put on an ad that says, look, buy one tote of our worm castings or one tote of our mulch, um, can get 3 £9 bags of other stuff for free, we want those, uh, um, uh, we want them to select, look at their yard and select which one of those £9 bags would work for them. So if they have a few roses, they get one root 9 pound bag free, if they have a few pumps, they pick that up. If they have a turf area, they may want the turf blade. And so what we're trying to create right now, it's either promotions, bundles, or, yeah, kind of use as reference, the book, uh, from Alex Harmosi, it's that different, uh, 4 types of, uh, money make models, which are, you know, the giveaway. Sorry, let me ask you, the attraction model, first, the attraction model. And what are the components of that? The attraction model, um, one second. The... Up sale, the down sale, and then the continuity. So I guess we're gonna dive in paper. Those are your 4 major categories of money. But there's little micro techniques within each model. So we're going to go through each of those and then based on the framework we just gave you of who our clients are and what potential products they are. We want to have sales, initiatives, on a seasonal basis, or whatever, that where we're doing promotions. We want the promotions to continually change. And we want to be able to sell that. So let's talk about how we... Can I just add a little bit of information here and you should have all of this information, but I think it's important to establish where we are today and also a little bit of our brand. So let me talk about where we are today. In 2026, we actually started going into market. We did open the, the, all of those channels of communications where customers can find us and then can interact, get educated and also buy. And, you know, so one of the things that we started doing is getting a lot of success with giving away a free bag of worm castings knife on back, we're estimating that we're getting about, we're going to get about a 1000 people per month just with that alone. The problem, obviously, is that we're, we got to switch it up and figure it out what's going to be the next promotion, promotional. Second thing that we have done is that we started with Google ads playing with the website, really optimizing the customer journey on how they can buy, placed in order, communicate with us, even, you know, request a quote, and creating an entire business operating system so that everything is recorded, quality control calls, quotes, every single lead that comes through the door or comes through. The website is recorded as well as every single other interaction. We also started in a social media campaign, just alone in social media with, well, just alone in Instagram, we have getting over 30,000 views organically. And that is just going, keep it, keeping up. Okay, now a little bit about the branding. Number one, this is important to say that this is a company that is an organic platform company. One thing that we take pride on in in our values. One of the, our 1st value is soil, um, health and conservation. So we really believe in soil conservation and, you know, taking care of the soil, taking care of the, but, um, and it kind of, you know, creating that regenerative agriculture, which is something that we got to integrate more regenerative narrative just because of the grants and everything that is coming up. Second thing is we have an intuitive line of products. So not only we're gonna give you a great quality product. But we're going to also tell you exactly what I say in that product. So we really are not hiding or creating smoking mirrors. We're literally gonna tell you. Third thing is that we haven't really integrated this core value, but it's very important to talk about microbiology because we believe that the next revolution that is coming up is the micro biological revolution. So a little bit of what we have done, we have an entire company, or farming education, nonprofit, that has, obviously, education, resources, a podcast harvesting wisdom. It also has film festival where it brings kind of of environmental films together and also it has curriculums, books for young people as well as, you know, more higher level education, would you say? Yeah, but we also now created dashports for both companies. One is a soil dashboard. So we look at everything in a through the focal lens of the soil bath dashboard, which includes the microbial mix, but it includes infiltration. It includes carbon. It includes the soil density and compaction. So we have a whole bunch of stuff in that dashboard, and we're able to get generic information from public domain on a particular area of the country like Arizona, or I can do it in Moldova, um, in Europe. I can do it anywhere. So I can put the general information down, and then I can also do some of the testing. We can do it in house, and we can send out lab reports for general compost consistency, but we can also send it out to a microbiologist for analysis. So that's that dashboard for urban farming education. We've created a new prism, and we call it the transformation model. So that model's got like 6 major components to how basically to change the world or get people to use our system. But within that, we've created a dashboard for livability. So we can go to any zip code, we can go to any place on the planet, and we can, based on, like, I think, 20 or 30 different parameters, we can tell you how livable a particular city is. So when we're going in, and we're working with communities, we could say, okay, this whole thing is a circuit is circular. You know, it starts, really, with your soil, it starts with your agriculture. It starts with your education, but at the end of the day, if you're trying to make, the reason you're doing all this is to make your community more livable. So if you've got pollution or whatever, whatever issues you're dealing with, this is a way to address it in a holistic fashion. So that's where we stand up. So the idea of this conversation here is to, number one, obviously, create the promotionals, but also position ourselves in a way where we can be effective right now. So, um, so, 11 thing that is critical today, obviously, we're running out. We've been developing for a long time, but it seems like maybe the wrong way can, you know, couldn't. So we have to do the most effective solution as possible right now with soil and water. We have 2 salespeople. We might be hiring a new one. We're also kind of have a small layer of labor force, less than 10 people that kind of do does the production development. But at the same time, obviously, we have all of those new concepts of microbiology that we haven't really put out to market, we have started to do that, but we haven't done it really well. So right now we got to focus on kind of doing the most effective thing 1st whether that is focusing on volume and just something that I kind of want to mention. Mike likes to talk about all of these products, which is great. But one thing that we did in the beginning of the year is took a step back. And instead of putting all of those, uh, all of those, uh, products in front of every single consumer, we put the main 4 products, which we know that is every garden there, could use them no matter what. Every, you know, it's easy to use, all purpose, you can use it everywhere. Wormcast is very compost mulch and body soil, correct? But then obviously, um, So now, um, so now we're focusing on doing that. Now the question here is how do we, how do we create a schedule? where, you know, maybe on 2027 is when we start promoting this and that, and we kind of have already a soil calendar, a like a, like a promotional calendar where it tells you when it's going to say start the overseas season. I don't know how effective it is. I think we kind of gotta take a look at it back again, but I guess this is the point of this conversation. Okay, and I'll just wrap up this beginning narrative, and that is the reason I want this comp full complement of products is, because a particular homeowner, which is our target person, or even a landscaper, the majority of his demand for product will be either the turf product or the large areas where he might use bulch or he may use composts or potting soils, that kind of thing. So those are our big, major soil uses. But all the rest are specialty uses. But the a landscaper wants to know he can get everything from you, number one, but number two, when we start, the next thing we're gonna do is talk about the specific money models. So my concept is, if we have £9 bags, which virtually don't cost us much money, we can give away free. So when we're doing bonuses, for people, or we're doing sales, or we're doing bundling, we want to be able to say, Hey, we're giving you a discount, or we're giving you a freebie, and when we do that, we want to say, look, these are the bulk things. If you buy one palette of this, or one palette of that, or whatever it is, we will give you away free, one bag of this, one bag of that one. So we can literally say, Look, if you buy these three major things, or one of these major things, we'll give you five other things for free. And that looks good on a promotional money model. People want stuff for free. So this is the concept, what we're gonna do now is go specifically through each money model and determine how we would use that, soil seed, and water. What we'll eventually want to do is have an entire year's worth of sales models. So, you know, in the fall, right now, we know we've got fall products, we have a fall garden in Arizona, and then it transitions into a winter garden, and from there, it transitions into a spring garden, and it's the same thing with landscapes, whether they're using an overseed... or a carbohydrates. They continue using mulches, and backfill mixes throughout the winter months, come springtime. They need more nitrogen, they need more fertility, so they start using other other blends. We want our promotions to mimic that. And so we're gonna go through each and every money model, and then the goal here at the end is to have an annual promotion that we automate. So we don't have to think about it. Yes, it's January 1st. This is what we're doing. And we're pushing based on the fact that we know, you know, they, they, there's a window in which they can buy. We need to start selling and ramping up that particular product before the window starts so that they see it in their mind and they're like, ah, I'm going to need this on stock and I'll get it. So, that's what we're doing next, and now we're gonna start looking at the book, and we're gonna go one model at a time. So let's look at it. So how do you want to do this? Well, I have gear to the table of contents. Well, let's start with your 1st one here, which is this attraction offer. Let's talk about what each and every attraction offer is that he's talking about, but then let's apply that in examples to what we would do in our company. Okay, very quick. Section 2 is the attraction offer. I'm just going to read the list of what are we going to see and then we can we can dive in each of them independently. The 1st one is win your money back. Okay? The 2nd one is giveaways, which we kind of already started doing. The 3rd one is decoy offer. Then we going to buy X, get Y for free. The 3rd one, the 4 or the next one is pay less now or pay more later. Next one is free will offer. Free goodwill offer. The next one is attraction offer conclusion. Okay? So let's go into each one. When your your money back is the 1st model, so that's on page 23. And I'm telling you this because it's important that you also review the book link detail. And to ensure that you know what the heck we're talking about. With your money back, if you do X within Y time within Z rules, you can get it for free. That's that's prefer your 3 friends, right? Right, right. And what's the reason you're doing that? Okay, June, uh, do you want me to choose me or what do you want? take the summary of what it what it's saying to you. Or you can read it, whatever's better. Let me see how that works. Okay, so here are the examples. Let's jump or let's actually jump into the description and then the examples. Description first, then the exam. Okay. And then we'll see what examples we would have. A win, a win, your money back offer works like this. You said a goal for a customer and tell them how to reach it. If they reach it, then they qualify to get the money back or get back as store credit. This offer group, my jeans better than any other. It was also my 1st grand Islam offer. That gym launched thought to gym's owners. Okay, so yeah. It has tons of flexibility. If you want to get some more cash, get more customers, then get them better results. Nothing beats it. Besides, uh, California right there. See? Okay. Okay, so let's talk about how that would work for us. Um, We might talk to a, um, a homeowner, and offer, what, what would be, if you put this garden in, um, what is the, uh, if you successfully build the garden, and you can take photos or upload a 10 2nd video of your produce. at the end of 90 days or 120 days, and we can see that you built your garden, you used our product, and you successfully grew using some of our suggestions. And you can show us that. We're gonna give you 25% back. or 50% toward a next purchase. That would be one way we would do it. Or do so. the entire, or be 100% back in, in, in, in the store credit. In a store credit. You could do, it depends on what level you want to do it. But yeah, you can give them an amazing offer, but it's got to be in a store credit. We don't want to give them their money back in cash. So here's the examples just to consolidating a share. I like your idea, Mike, but let's take a look at business to consumer offer free 28 day blueprint. Deposit X dollars and get it all back, if you attend all of your consulting calls, you post your progress in the group once per week, journal daily in our app, Attend your feedback session and your transformation session. Okay, so the advantage of this is that they're doing our work for social media. Yeah. They're they're... They're testimonials, but they're also building our client base up. So this is critical. Here's a perfect example for us. We talk about their theoretical garden. Small or big, it doesn't matter. We will give them their money back if they do the following. They come to our weekly gardening class. They use our journal, and then they post a blog or a video, or some photos, showing what they went through to get to where they are, and the fact that they were able to successfully build this. Another thing, you know, which I don't think is in this chapter would be to, um, you know, refer friends. But right now, I think that's, I think that's going to come next, but just to consolidate what you said, I think it has to be a little bit more specific. We can work on that, the details on that, but I'll definitely include attending one gardening class. And then, and then, and then showing, and then maybe, yeah, you know, kind of producing something by what are the parameters, just taking a bucket photo or using some sort of regenerate agriculture method or kind of, or, or maybe just talking a video talking about, how, how, how this works. What did they learn? What did they learn or what did they do differently? You know, based on the information we help them with. And so each of those models that we're talking about today, I need you to create a leather size, kind of paper documenting it per promotion or per model. We're going to have one letter size document. I needed to be able to see it all in one page, including the requirements, and including kind of the benefits and all of that so we can, you know, later use as references. So this is a win your money back. But like any, to win or to lose, you have to have competition, you have to have a protocol. And so we're creating basically a gaming model in which they're, they're entering our game. By doing that, we're engaging our clients. Rather than having a client be a one off, come in, buy our stuff, and never see us again. Even if they liked our product. There's no way to engage them. And this is an amazing engagement model. So okay, what's the next one? So this one is that one that I showed you is business to consumer. This one is another version, but business to business. I don't know if we could. Okay, sure. Let's talk about this. Okay, so this one is a business to business offer example and it starts like this. Five customers in 5 days free challenge. Deposit X dollars and get it all back if you send a 100 messages per day. Report stats on message sent, attend daily training, post finish homework in the group, attend that they uh, that they vibe consulting call. Attend, that they vibe consulting call. I don't know what that means. So what he's doing is he's doing the same gaming model, but he's now using a business. So what businesses would we be talking about, one business would be a small farmer or it could be a an orchard farmer, or it could be a landscaper. And, um, and where it could be a distributor. So what we're doing is we're engaging our landscaper or our... I think it would be more like a landscaper, right? Okay, so let's just use a landscape. Because in our city doesn't really have time to be repairing people from, you'll be not... Or in this particular place. But a landscaper, like LA. Because it's business to business, right? Like LA, LA from Braska, he uses our product. So what we're doing is we're creating the time frame is up to us to create, but this one says do it all in a week. So what we have to have is, during the week, X number of fucking calls into a meeting, a meeting room. Uh, maybe, um, uh, and that's one of the things. The other one is, you know, document that you sent out using your, um, their CRM, their clients that they sent out, um, X number of ads that maybe we co market with them. We give them the ads, so they can send them out. But what we're doing is we're working with that client for five days, for one week. Um, and they need to engage with us. And if they do, we're giving them something. So we're either giving them 90 day terms. There's a lot of different things we can give them, but we can give them their money back toward the next purchase, where we can give them discounts, whatever it may be. But the idea is, this is, this is, he calls this an attraction model, which it is, and he's talking about it being a win your money back, which it also is. But what I would do is call this an engagement model. It requires them to engage with us, and what it requires from us, though, is have something that for them to engage in. So we're creating the game, so to speak, or the educational process. Bates are being honest, look. See the bags on them? It's to keep the birds off. Because they're really close to being harassed. Now, look at that, all manually done. Amazing. Take a picture of that shit. You got your phone? Just stay whatever. And, and I don't know necessarily if this one types into this, but one thing that I kind of started doing, um, is we want to have a a loyalty customer list or a prefer customer list. I don't know the the action. I think we had a better name. But what it is, maybe this doesn't, you know, I came out with this by myself, so really I didn't use any reference. So I know that there could be a little tweak so we can do. The idea here is that we, uh, when we get a client that it is maybe over $5000, um, and is going to be a business, we manually put them in a, um, loyalty, uh, customer, uh, preferred list where no matter what they buy, they get 5% off. Um, and they stay getting that 5% off through the rest of the calendar year or the rest of the, their year until the, where, where it expires. However, in the next year, if they so what we have is a threshold. So if by the end of the year, they spent more than, let's say, $15,000 and like I said, I came out with this by myself, if they spend more than $15,000 in that year, they stay on the loyalty preferred. If not, they automatically demote to a regular customer. So that was kind of my idea, but obviously we got to figure out how we uh, kind of... Right. here's the thing. As they get demoted. We're going to get into the next model called the downsell. So as they didn't hit their goals, we have another approach to them, we'll say, hey, you came so close to your goal, we're going to honor it anyway if you do this in the next 30 days or whatever. So there's never a time in which we don't sell. We have an unhappy customer or he's not buying or whatever. We always have something else to one other way to come back to them. We're constantly re-engaging the client base, and we're constantly looking to grow the client base. So that's that. But let's go to the next model then. The next motto is geeble ways. So let me go. And this is all still part of the attraction model. No. Oh, let's go. What else? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, you're right. right. The attraction offers is win your money back and then giveaways. Yeah. So everything... So what does it giveaway? They give away, let's pull it up. Okay. Giveaways, many will enter, many will win. Number one, a giveaway free, uh, giveaway free, amazing thing to get lots of leagues. Top, uh, you know, 1000%, $1000 value. Now you're getting it for free. That's basically what the diagram is showing here. Number 2 select the grand prize winner. And number 3 offer everyone else a product at a discount, okay? So let's go into, let me see if they have a description here. Okay? Here's a description. Giveaways. Give away offers, advertise a chance to win a big price in exchange for contact information or whatever else you want. Then after picking a winner, you offer everyone else a big price at a discounted price. Giveaways also go by names like scholarship or swift stakes or ruffles, et cetera. Okay, so the concept on the giveaway for us is we always want to give away our own stuff. I don't want to give away a TV or a trip to Paris. What I want to do is give away a complete garden kit. Yeah. Okay? Yeah. Complete garden kit. So you're getting... And it's like a ruffle. Enter to win a 3 ballots of... But it's not just this. You need to be a buyer to enter. So if you if you're purchasing, hey, do you want to enter into this raffle with us? I don't think so. Yo, no, they all enter as you're selling. Or you can sell it online and say, hey, you want to do it? Because one of the things that he says here is to get leads, right? So it doesn't necessarily need to be... Okay, no matter how you get it. But the bottom line is you're putting people in and what it's, what we're really doing is everybody is a winner, but there's only one grand prize winner. So when we announce, and what we do is we have a date. Like at the end of this month. So on August, right now, we have the £9 free giveaway. Now, on next, you know, the next month, one. So the month of September is we have a grand prize, a giveaway, a garden package. What we need to do, this is where it's so important for us to have so many things that we don't really even want to sell, but we want them in our this is why we want a catalog of a lot of stuff. So we have, for instance, right now a, um, a, uh, garden journal. And we need to put a value to the Garden Journal. We also have a garden almanac. We put a giveaway on that. We have a book. right now on Verma Composting. We're probably soon... Yeah, but don't deviate too much because some people are getting to something. These are, but these are all things that can be part of your package, okay? And so what we're doing is saying, this is a complete garden package, which includes giving them a physical, um, uh, planter beds, which are wooden boards, 3 by 8 feet or whatever, multiple of those, and the soil that goes in them, and we could even give them some seed, um, for their garden beds. We might even get the irrigation on. So we have, this is our grand prize. But we want 1000s of people to enter. So you automatically enter if you buy something. But if you want to, you can still enter if you're from outside, and you want to win. The only thing is, is you have to pick it up, is not in shipping cost, because we're very bulky, shipping to the mid classes that be very costly fun. Anyway, so now you've got this big grand prize giveaway. However, we want everybody to win. So, what we want to do is, let's say it's September, um, we want to basically say to everybody, hey, uh, three weeks into September, we want to send a follow up to everybody who's on the list and say, hey, you are a runners-up right now for this, this grand prize. And you've got one week, uh, stay posted. And then, um, then we can do, we could, we could have a 2nd prize and a 3rd prize. But at the end of the day, we make everybody a winner. We say, hey, for entering our raffle drawing, we're giving you an additional 10% off to be used in the month of October or we're giving you a free £9 bag with your next order or whatever we do. But we do announce the grand prize winner. And the grand prize winner, the only thing they have to do is we got to get photos of them. We got to show that the garden went in. So I'm looking at this diagram. I think this diagram actually breaks it down pretty quick. And what I don't want to do is make it over complicated because, you know, we got to be able to be able to launch the next month, right? So take a look at this. The way that is describing the diagram is that there's only one winner, but everybody else gets the same price or the the product at a discount. So the way that I interpret this is that, you know what? And I like the garden beds and all of that, but the problem is that we need to manufacture that. What if which is, it would be a total, a palette of mulch bags, 2 palette of potting soil, and that is your guardian setup, big price, right? And so we put it out there with the landing page, Google ads, and kind of a video like we did with the giveaway. And we say, hey, now enter here to get, um, the garden setup price is a raffle and somebody's gonna get it for free. However, at the end of the price, somebody is gonna win it and we're gonna announce it and maybe we're gonna record content once they win it and, you know, kind of setting it up. I think that kind of be cool. Everybody else, though, that submitted their application, we're gonna give them a personal call and we're gonna say, hey, you know, you did not win, but we do want you to have the opportunity to have this. So instead of giving it, I don't know what's the percentage discount, but you can get the same price, but now I'm going to give it to you. You can do it with a simple discount or a 50% or a free bag or it's a mini garden or whatever we decide. Or a mini garden. Right. But we want to give product or sell product at a discount, right? We want to kind of give them the ability and now we have people. So we only want one really grand prize and it's the only one we'll manufacture the planters for. unless they want to buy them in the future. But everything else we have is a product on hand we want to sell and get rid of. So we definitely want all the winners to either be discounts toward future purpose purchases, or we want to put them down as a, um, a freebie, um, of our product. But what we don't want to do going forward is give them something else away. But my whole point is the more other items you have, the more things that you can show are part of... So here's kind of the description. Pick a grand prize, pick a promotional offer, ask the contact information and other allegedly eligibility criteria. So maybe one of the eligible liberty criti- I don't know. eligibility. Eligibility criteria is to refer to clients. Sure. But at the same time, I don't know. I want to get a bunch of fucking leads too at the same time. 5 leads, 2 clients, 2 buy. If your one of your leads turns into a buyer, we have another promotion for you. Could be just, we want to not make it complicated. Pick what actions you want entrance to take to qualify for the big prize. Put the giveaway on a deadline and add urgency. Yeah, so it's going to be a month couple deal. You've got to have urgency. Announce the grand prize winner and contact everyone else. Yeah. Yep, yeah. So that's exactly what I do. another reason to contact people. And if they think they're in the running for something, they're going to open your email. And they're going to be thinking about you next time. Yeah, yeah. But at the end, we need to celebrate for winter. Yeah. And we're gonna use our social media and everything else. We can have that person take a video. We need to make sure that person's growing something so we need them to be successful, that kind of thing. We got to go. We're kind of very, very fast because that was the only one section and we got a ton. What else is what else is in there? The next one is decoy offer and we're barely here. I don't even know what a decoy offer is. look at it. talking about it again. So decoy offer page 39. This is good shit, huh? Oh, that's great. I think we're gonna fucking kill it because this is exactly the fucking answer I wanted. What is the next thing to keep the momentum going, you know? Well, the more you plan it out, the easier it is to execute. We have an annual plan. We know who our market is. We know what the actual promotion for every single one is, and we have the ability to set it in place to track it, which is important. Yeah. Okay, so this is the decoy offer, and the diagram kind of shows a guy with, uh, it's like a customer with money and 2 decisions, uh, with decision A, a free, um, lower value offer. Or B, which is, um, like a bunch of different things, that is amazing value for only, and then basically like a small, more, small discounts. Right, so let's... So this is why we need more things on our product list. That's true. Right? We need more things because and some of those things really are worthless that we normally give away or whatever, like a garden journal or whatever, but the bottom line is we can put it on our website as having a value of $20 or $30 or whatever. So when we bundle, we'll say, hey, this, this, uh, 1st we're going to give this way, um, you know, 11 palette of soil. But then when they come in with that one palette of soil deal, we're going to say, hey, you know, for another 20%, we're going to give you a garden journal, we're going to give you a thermostat, we're going to give you an almanac. We're going to give you three, a choice of 3 different £9 bags. We're going to give you a warranty. We're going to give you whatever. Um, and that addition is only another additional 20, 25% percent. So now we're selling something. Let's just say that the purchase was 500. Now we're selling essentially the same thing for 600, but they're getting all these other things that have very low cost to us, but we're showing them as having a value, and that value. We're saying maybe that we're adding $300 of value, but they only have to add 100 to the purchase. You just make it look like a complete package. So that's your decay. Well, let me actually read the description, like, listen, shit that we are on the right page here. Decoy offers advertise something free or discounted. Then when the list asks to learn more, you also present a more valuable premium offer. The premium offer provides more features and benefits, bonuses, and guarantees, and so on. By putting your decoy offer and premium offer side by side, leads can see how much more value your premium offer is. Uh, I like decoy offers because they get more customers overall. They either take the decoy version or the premium version. If they take the premium, great. If they take the decoy, also great. It gives you time to upgrade them, rather than losing them, but either way, you can, um, you can close everyone. This makes it cheap and profitable to get customers and get any business can in any business can use it. Here are the steps to make a decoy offer. Advertise a lesser, smaller, or a simpler version of your premium offer as a decoy. When leads engage, then when leads engage, offer both options, then emphasize the per- I guess it's the same thing that the description. So now think about this. I kind of already started doing this, okay? So I kind of came up with the idea of different promotions and truly I should have really done this before, right? But I think it's good that we're doing this now, but And especially at this moment, right? Because we're... What we've been doing is is piecemeal an ad hoc. Yeah. So we, you've tried this, you've tried that. They've been pretty successful, but they're not a part of an overall plan. That's what we're creating now. Right. Exactly. kind of I kind of almost kind of put try to put it all together from, you know. But you now you've trialled it, which is good. We know how we would we would get it out into the market. So what I created is I wanted to create kind of 3 promotional tiers and not promotional, and I guess, yeah, they're tiers because one, I call it the garden refresh. And that one is kind of, you know, you put like mulch and very composed and worm castings. Yeah, and that's a garden reefish. And so that's an existing garden that they don't think they need any product for... But now you say, wait a second, it's a refresh. Right. Like, you constantly have to add input. The question is, is what input are you adding? If you're adding fertilizers or herbicides or things like that, you're killing off biology and or you're not really helping grow your soil. And reality in landscaping and in farming. Uh, the choy family and their book on, uh, regenerative on their, on their Jadam style farming is the guy said that when you farm, agriculture is a man-made process. So if you're taking something away when you're when you're growing, which you are, if you're taking um, the fruit of a tree, uh, you're taking, um, sometimes you're taking grain, you're taking the entire grain off the land. So you're always taking away from the land. And unless that same product is tilled in, completely, that helps recycle that land, a lot of the energy, a lot of the nutrient went into the plant and you took it away. So you're always having to add back in something back in to your soil. The question is, is what are you adding back? And if it's healthy or not. What we have is these healthy organic products. And this is the concept of refreshing your garden on a regular basis, it's much cheaper, much more economical, I should say, to refresh a garden than it is to build one from scratch. Right. And it's also, if you don't refresh your garden, you're also losing the sustainability of your garden. So this is a great. So this is the garden refresh promo, and the what I'm saying is you're getting a 199 value of the entire bundle for only $99. And it includes 5 bags of mulch, and it includes 2 bags of worm castings and includes 3 bags of dairy compos for free. That is for free. That one. So the question is, is where would you use, if you're selling to a homeowner, where would you use each of those products? That's the question. Yeah, but let me let me just kind of conclude it. Now, the 2nd tier, so this is the garden refresh promo. The next one is, and this is a has a value of $99, right? It has a value of $199, but it is the price is $99. The 2nd product is the garden setup promo. And the garden set a promo includes a palette, worm castings, not a palette, a palette of mulch, or potting soil, it includes like 3 bags of worm castings, and it includes a bunch of molds. I got to check the details on this, but it has a value of sick, like $900. Um, $900 and you're only getting it for like $500 or $599. So we crazy. We probably need, we go back to the original discussion. We had the narrative of what a homeowner or a landscaper might have, and we break it down really into 3 or 4 different categories. Number one, you have turf or not. Some laws, some houses don't have turf. So you have to have a homeowner turf, turf, package and that homeowner has turf, so you need to treat your turf. You may not have turf. So you don't select that homeowner package. Now your package might include our garden. If you have a garden, then you need, you know, potting soils to grow vegetables that are specifically designed to grow, you know, plants and vegetables. Now you may not decide to have a garden. You may not decide to have a turf. Well, what else is out there? So you have ornamentals, whether they're bushes, shrubs, or trees, and or you have specialty plants. The specialty plants could be succulents, they could be flowers, they could be citrus, they could be palms. So we have an over, we need overall packages for your home. How do you customize your home? They don't want to give somebody a homeowner package that has our turf product, if they don't have turf. They prefer something else. And it's the same thing with a lot of homeowners just have regular landscapes, no vegetable, no garden like that, and they don't have any turf. Well, that we have a more selective product, and then there's always, so my concept with everything we have is we have our base products that every landscaper, gardener, and farmer needs. There's a half dove, a dozen of them. Then we have specialty products for everything under the sun. But you need to select, which 5 out of 6, or 7 out of 10, products may be something that you particularly want. And if you check off that box, it allows us to give your package, some of those things we're adding in for free. That's basically where the discount would be. So, okay, that's a good, that's a really good one. So, so just do uh, Kanakozzoli date here. Then the way that I would think the offer, for example, with the garden refresh and the garden setup promo, I would then have a landing page for the garden refresh being our discounted offer. Once they go into the landing page, immediately they hit with like, hey, you can get this, but also here is our premium offer. So one thing you just said that just popped in my mind and I got to correct a little of what I talked about. This strictly talks about gardens. Now, some people will have an ornamental garden with a lot of color, a lot of flowers, that kind of thing, whether it's perennials or annuals. But for the most part, when we say garden, we're talking food plants, vegetables, herbs, spices, micrograins. So, um, He's, but what Rodolph was saying is he's got a garden set up in a garden refresh, we need the same thing with your landscape. So if you don't have a garden, and you might have turf, though. But if you have a house and you don't have a garden or turf, you still have ornamental plants. So we need a ornamental refresh. We need a regular home landscape. We need to differentiate the concept of garden from landscape, because no matter what, people have some plants in their yard. Some trees, some shrubs, some flowers maybe, and so that's an entirely different product or a different pitch. And so that homeowner might have a gardener, he may not. He might have grass, he may not. And I think is another thing that we can do now with this, for example, going back to the, what was the 1st name, it was, I think it was called, the win. They win your, no, the giveaway. Uh-huh. So I think that, um, when they sign up into it, something that I've been wanting to do, uh, for a little bit is that now they gotta, because they're getting a fucking gift, right? So you gotta submit your address or at least your zip code. And so what I would like to build is kind of a map of where is it that all of our customers exist. But now the other thing here that I'm kind of thinking about what Mike is saying is integrating also maybe like an option of our 1st option of our that is going to say something like, tell me if you have this in your house. Do you have grass? Do you have a, are you growing food or are you growing ornament? Maybe 5 or 6 major categories. Do you have all of the above? We got something for you. We got a whole package for you. Are you missing turf? Are you missing, you know, these things, then great. You don't need it all. And that is, she's gonna give us so much data on who the fuck we're dealing with. But it allows us also to constantly have a promotion. So if you're a landscape, no matter what, no matter what time of the year, I've got a landscape, I got a feed, my landscape, my soils, and my plants all year round. So, but the other one is the garden. We talk specifically about garden, because our soils are very good for that. And then, so the other thing that I, I'm kind of a little bit concerned on, and, and I kind of gotta figure it out, what is the schedule, so we really have it on the calendar, and we, it's all automated. We already know the fucking newsletters go automatically. I don't fucking even have to deal with nothing and everything is programmatically. So let's go to this. Hold up, hold up. Is that, obviously, today, Inakis, we have a giveaway already, a free £9 back. September, then it's gonna be a bigger giveaway. And that's actually part of our narrative. Hey, we had a big giveaway on August. Now we have a bigger, even bigger giveaway. Well, I see it. potential of by the time we're done with all these attraction offers, we might have multiple offers every month, but they can't be the same. So we might be offering a landscape. Exactly. I was gonna go with a garden or something. So this is my concern, right? My concern is that we, this is the 1st time we're, that we're doing it in China is a lot of moving parts to be able to kind of keep oversight and manage it. However, we can be smart about it. But so on August, we have this giveaway offer. On September, we have an in bigger, even an even bigger giveaway offer. However, also in in when it's overseas session, it started like on the end of August, right? It could theoretically start during office. But you're promoting before the beginning of the season. So then if we are doing a giveaway or maybe we are advertising for landscapers, we can really do this using Google ads and literally geo targeting or not geo targeting, but demographically targeting that person. The question is, um, how do we schedule it? And this obviously are going to be the questions that are going to be answered after the fact, but how do we schedule it so that it doesn't conflict and it also kind of is is not too much that we're not able. So one of the things would be. When we're, we've got people coming into our yard or they're going to a distributor like Ace Hardware. And when they come in, my concept would be, we show every one of them, our, and we might even have a physical piece of paper, or we might have it on a sideboard what the September deals are. So we might have, let's say we have 3 or 4 different deals going on based on who they are or what we're selling in a particular month. We want to make, refresh these people as they come in. Hey, you're coming in to buy just 2 bags of this. Hey, did you know what our deals are? Take a look at this, because you could get those too bad. But this promo, and this is an upsell. This promo is, you know, three bags, but then you get all this other stuff free. So here, let me show you what our September ads are. Every customer comes in, you can show them that. You can limit it to September only. No, every single fucking month, you're showing what our deals are that month. Exactly. Right. So, if we're to this... Yeah, they're right to them, and you could only build... Yeah, we're not gonna tell them what October deals we have. Yeah, building the urgency. Hey, this is only going to be a tip. Right, right, right. And our deals have to be different, you know, at least, we might have the same deal in the fall when you're doing a garden build or the spring, or a couple times a year, for a refresh, but for the most part, these deals are individual deals, based on the season, and based on the crops, and your target, buyer. So that would be that. So, okay, what is the next attraction offer? The next attraction offer is buy X and get Y free. So let's kind of... Straight up. That's what we've been doing. Yeah, I don't know if we have fully integrated, so kind of, let's take a look at it. It's gonna go faster because it's kind of long, you know? We're rarely in the pair. It's okay. We're working through it. So this one is in page 47. So, kind of where we'll show you how the graphics looks, but this one says in the graphic, buy X, get Y free, and it gives you an example, products. Buy one shirt, $20 and get 2 for free. Right. So listen to what he says because he's he's trying to tell you which offer looks better as you're doing the giveaway, so keep going. And that, I say, a products that will offer like that. Services is buy X months, I'm assuming, months of service, yeah, months of service, get Y months free. Okay. Obviously, we're not in the service. No, but what we are is we could have an annual plan for somebody if they, you know, because if you're put it this way, if you have a rose garden, you know, you need to fertilize 4 times the year. So what we might do is say, hey, look, we can sell you all the product now, or we can pay for it, and we'll ship it to you 3 times a year, whatever it may be. Here's a discratiate, um, in, in buy X and get why free offers, when customers buy something, they get other stuff for free. More of, the more free stuff they get and the higher its value, the better it works. We offer get, gets way more attention than discount options. Right, what we talked about. So one of the things we just mentioned is, I keep looking for more stuff to have, you keep saying, I want less. I keep saying, you need more. Well, just because of the management. No, but check this out. If you're giving, if you're trying to bundle and give a fund, you're trying to sell one of your main products, it sounds better in a give, a giveaway, if you say buy one and get 6 free. Okay? So but you're not getting six of the same product, you're giving six of something else. So one of the things also that we should probably have is a little bit of swag, so we should have a T shirt and a baseball cap or something. And it's just that we be limited on funds. I'm not on that. Well, I know, but these go into inventory, and we don't give them away to employees. We don't give them away to a client. We don't give them unless they're part of a giveaway. Well, give... They're on hard people. One of two each employee, and that's it. No, I won't give any employee. What I want to do is get unless it's an employee uniform. I don't give anything to a place. I'm done with that. So what I want to do is, I have a bunch of T shirts there, if it's part of a giveaway, In other words, it's part of a package, we're giving you a full, um, let's say it's a first time, um, garden buyer, for the first time, um, flying source seed water, we're gonna give you a baseball cap and a t-shirt. If you're a first time, if you're buying this bundle, that's worth over $1,000, then we're gonna give you another. And a wine bottle. Or whatever. Or it could be a wine bottle. But my point is, is if it's not part of that particular package, we don't give it away. We're not generous with anything we have anymore. Look at the solar thing. Yeah, to generate exclusivity. Right, right. It's gotta be, like, it's part of that particular deal. And I think that structure is what we've been missing. Because now, if we go through, and we order 144 T shirts, and all of a sudden, we go through those T shirts in a month, and we need to get more. I'm okay with it, because I know all of those T shirts were part of a package I was selling, and I've already calculated the cost. Otherwise, if I buy 144 T shirts, it's like, well, we're gonna give one to every employee. We know that doesn't work. Every employee wants two or three. And then, all of a sudden, somebody comes in, and they're, like, nice people, and they say, Hey, how would you like a T shirt? All of a sudden, we've given away our fucking shit. We give stuff away, but it's part of a very well planned out, orchestrated, um, money model, period, okay? All right, let's keep going. So let me finish the description here. Um, so we said that the offers, um, that people way offers, they are, they generate more attention that discount offers. But if you only have one big thing to sell and you give it away, you go hungry. Right. In situations like this, businesses tend to lean on discounts. They run on sales, relying on holidays, seasonal changes, and whatever. As reasons to temporarily lower prices and give more customers. Okay, so if we're selling palette quantities or garden quantities of something, we discount it. If we're doing giveaways, there's smaller one off things, like a journal, like a warranty, like a bottle of wine, like a t-shirt. Like, a blue could be a nine... It could be a book. It could be a £9 bag. Whatever. And the more we put in to the giveaway, the matter, because we're valuing each thing. We can value the market $15 when you value the T-shirt at 18. We can value the bottle of wine and $40. We can value all, and we can tell them, here is the value of all the stuff we're giving you. But we know our cost was a lot less, and we know that the purchase of the entire palette covered the cost, moreover, than so we can afford to give away those items. Yeah, so you're gonna like these smart. But by selling more than one thing at once, you can turn discount offers into an even stronger free offer. When you have more than one item, you can make the discount value large enough that it covers the price of more stuff. Exactly. For example, I could sell three T-shirts for $10 each for a total of $30 or I could sell one T-shirt for $30 and give 2 away free much credit. It's the same price, but way more free stuff. Yeah, and the top of it, if I'm, if I'm a buyer, I, I'm, I'm buying a $30 t-shirt, I'm automatically thinking that t-shirt's worth $30. And he's giving me 2 away for $30. So I think I'm paying 30 for a cool T-shirt, but now I'm getting $60 worth of freebie. Whereas instead of pricing each T-shirt and $10, and they're like, okay, now I got three $10 T-shirts. They feel like they got some really good friggin' bargain. So that's good. And so what do we do to differentiate our product? I think we go back to having have... Now my conflict with that, though, um, yeah, I mean, but we're not a much type of fucking seller, right? My, my, but I guess, I guess, that could be it. Right. We could sell a little merch, but we're not trying to. Because I'm trying to kind of translate that into soil cells only, but you're Maybe it's just, is the fucking shirt. It's a package. We're selling packages. Right, because to my, we're sending the salad product. The reason why I had conflicts with this, the soil cells, is obviously because our pricing for mold has to be kind of standardized, right? And so if I say, for example, the munch today is $8, but next week is gonna be $24, and you're getting 2 bags for free, you know, it might just kind of throw customer school. But you might tell them, hey, we won't have a sale on mulch for at least 6 to 12 more months, you know, so if you think you need more, just buy 2 or 3 coats worth or whatever, get them now. So that's more upselling. But the concept here is that you're right, you need to make sure they realize this is a exclusive offer and that it's time stamped, that it's there's an urgency, right? But I guess if we're selling like March, we can fucking do the same thing and just literally do the same shared. No, we're not trying to sell the merch shop. What we're trying to do is create a lot of packaged products that are less expensive, that we can make part of a package, that drive the value of that package up, and it allows us to give away some of that stuff for free. It doesn't cost us shit to give a garden journal away. It doesn't cost us shit to give an almanac away for free. We've got bottles of wine. We can give, if the purchase is high enough, we've got a bunch of them, we want them, we got to move them out of the place. So, um, until they're, until they're gone or reduced, we keep that sale going. What else do we have? We might have like a thermometer, soil thermometer. We might have one or two other items. But we generally, if their mom and I don't like, because if it breaks down, they're calling you up, but what we're trying to do is have a package. It's hard to do a package with only soils. That's my whole point. We could, but we don't need to. And so, also, in the final output of this conversation, which is gonna be all of the promos, maybe in one of those last pages, I want a list to follow the shit that we've been talking about giving away. The merge, the fucking thermometers, the fucking bugs, the. Another thing we can do is commercially buy from Terrar, who is the seat vendor that we've used on and off for years, but get a package of, um, spring seats, a package of fall seats, um, small packets, packets of each, and put them in a box, and call it your spring guard here, bump, bump out your, your fall garden or whatever. Seats are very inexpensive, and we work a package deal out with him. Now we can sell the package online for a certain value. But again, it's a freebie. If you're doing an entire garden, You want to give them a little irrigation kit. You want to give them the planter box. You want to give them the soil to fill it all up, maybe even plastic, underneath, and maybe, you know, one tote of mulch, or two tote of mulch, for them to spread, you know, in between the palettes, and we show them a design thing. But one of the things, then, is to give them the seed, and tell them, Hey, you can propagate the seed yourself in your house, or you can try propagating it in the garden or both. So, but now you have a full package. And these are, what I'm looking for is a shitload of stuff that's really cheap or free to us that we can put in packages. So it's not a matter of, you're right, it's more skews, it's a little more work than the sales on, but we can, we can overprice it. So if we buy T shirts and $20, we can sell them for $40. What's unique about them, well, they're hemp. Could be a hemp hat, you know, or a garden hat. We can overprice the fuck out of it. But now, when I give it... wants me as much as I want. No, I got all this charging shit, and I don't fucking ever take it with me. I've gotta... So where were we, where? Okay, so let's get back to it. Let's just work through the attraction model. We can take a break. We can get gas, you can get whatever, walk around a bit or take a piss, but we'll do one model at a time. If we only finish 2 on this trip, so be it. But I think we keep going with it. But understand, each one takes several hours. The beautiful thing is, is with your voice activation, it'll go through AI, and then it'll create the structure that we want, and we just work that structure. The time we're done, We should be in pretty good shape. The other thing I really, really like to do. is pick one fucking magazine and saturate that magazine, put an ad in rose magazine or the seed catalog magazine, put an ad in for a product, Send the publisher, all of our shit about who we are, including our nonprofit, because some of these guys are crazy zealots, and they think they're changing the world and they're totally organic and everything. They see our shit. We're at different level. They're going to be like, all right, I want to bring your I wanna bring your product on that. But I only want to do one magazine at a time. But we talked about this before. We haven't done it, but we already have all the material to do it. The only thing I need is money to put into the guy's advertisement, which I'm prepared to do. The thing is, is when do you do it, what time of the year? I think we have to do, start talking, pick the magazine out. I did the research a long time ago on AI, which magazines were the biggest and the best in the country, and I think we need to start a dialogue with the magazine. Get the guy on a podcast with me. Send him all of our information and tell him, we are picking who we work with right now. We've selected you, and we're gonna advertise with you, but it's really important. And the other thing we can do is say, hey, you know what? I'm going to send a fucking package of £9 bags to you. I want you to try out some of our shit. I'm going to give it to you for free, whatever. Because if you get the publisher of the magazine to believe in you, this guy writes, I'm telling you, he's got a, the one I looked at had a loyal following. They've been in business for since like 1971 and they've got like a whole fucking loyal following of hardcore people who buy, they're real people. So every, here's the thing, you got to realize, when you and I go and advertise to the general public, there's what, 10% of the general public is maybe a buyer of soil, right? If you go to his magazine, 100% of those people are buying 100%. So you're starting with how much, now, how many people buy a niche market? Yeah, and I love the niche markets, like more than anything else. I do, this is my problem with you, because you just want to fucking send people to do shit. And the problem is that you've already done the work. I don't like to do things mediocrity. I'm a perfectionist. We're taking the time. planning it right now. For the spring, for the spring, for the spring of next year, you can't start in the spring. You have to start now. We build a relationship. We pick the magazines, 2 or three. We build the relationship now. We send them some of our free product. We send them all of the paperwork. You've already done everything we do. We've got it in soil seed and water. We have it in UFE. I can send them books, and I can send them, and I can say to them, I want to put you on my podcast, and then I've decided I want to advertise with you for the spring, so I want to have a talk with you about it. And we're very selective of who we'll work with. But we looked at you and said, you're our people. or whatever. Now you're complimenting somebody, but now we're giving shit away at value. I can give them all the fucking books, right off the bat. I can send them a bottle of wine. I can send them £9 bags of different things. I can ask them, well, what do you grow? I'm gonna send you some shit we have. Let's see what you think. You know what I mean? And we can, and then we can invite them out to the fucking film festival. I can get them on the podcast or whatever. Now, I've seen this magazine and it goes out once a year. There's one thing that guy has, I think, once or maybe it's quarterly or something. The 1st half of the magazine is this guy going on a rant. You know, how you say I go on a rant and I don't stop? This guy goes on a wrap, but people read the shit like it's the fucking Bible. They read what he's saying. Could you imagine if he starts talking about how urban farming is doing transformation models and education and how a new soil company that is driven by biology and driven by pure organization? Don't get distracted. I'm ready to go when you're ready. You've got this thing turned out, right? It's being recording, and I don't want you... All right, where are you? You're on attraction, though. Yeah. So we, I think we covered by X, gate Y free, or now we're moving into pay less now or pay for later. Okay? Stage 55. Okay, let's look at the diagram, diagram, actually, is very intuitive. This fucking guy is a fucking marketer. He's really, really simplified everything, man. Notice how it's hampered. Yeah. It's not smooth graphics generated by AI. right? Okay, this one, he starts, time is money. Benjamin Franklin. Oh, well, that's pretty clear, yeah. Okay, so he starts by saying that this guy that looks like a potential customer with a credit card. He has a kind of a price on top, say, to 197. It slashed down and saying free, free with the car. So option A is free, then 297 after, or 97 now, plus bonus one, bonus 3 for free, and today only. Okay, so I'm kind of kind of getting probably more services than anything, right? It could be. We need to look at his examples and see if this relates to us. What you're talking about is a layaway type of thing. Like if I buy, if I pay for my hotel room now, when I'm ordering the hotel room online, I don't get my money back, I can't cancel, but I'm saving money right off the bat. Or I can wait, and I can pay when I hit the hotel, but I'm paying 20% more by waiting. Yeah, so here's a description. In payless, now, or pay more later, you give people the choice to pay full price later or pay a discounted price now, right? So let's see what his examples are. I'm not sure, 100% how we make that work with what we're doing, but let's see what he has in his brainstorming.. This place works well because you remove all of the rest from the customer. They pay later or only if they like it, uh, and only if they like it. So it combines the benefits of a delayed payment and a satisfaction guarantee. Anyone can sell this. Almost, anyone will agree to pay later if they are satisfied. But once they agree to pay later, You can get them to pay now with hefty discounts and valuable bonuses. The pay later option allows you to advertise free, since they can choose to pay or not. I'm still kind of confused. This gets lost. This gets lots of leads engaged, but you need a free offer, um has an added benefit. We get their card on file. Well, that's another advantage, right? The more cards we get on file, the more names we get on file, we're building our database. And they build systems like this, but I just don't know why would we use it? We have to see how we would apply it. Yeah. If they choose this option, they hate the product and they can cancel at any time before the charge goes through. Yeah, this is more for like a service step with you. Yeah, the hard part on this is, if they decide they're gonna pay later, we ship them the material, they're gonna come back and say, sorry, um, I didn't like it, I'm not gonna pay you not. That's, he's saying that most people will, as long as they're satisfied. Most people will pay it later, but I don't know. Let's look at the examples, I guess. Examples find your 1st real estate deal, free 3 day workshop. Pay later, 0 for 3 day worship, uh, workshop, they get billed 500 at the end unless they cancel. Right now, 299 for 3 day workshop plus recordings. Okay, so initially is they start with zero? And they they pay $500 when after that, the the 1st thing. And then pay now is, instead of paying 500, they pay $299 for a 3 day workshop, plus recordings, one to one plus a, with more, more, more added value, one to one call with a certified distress property expert, plus printed materials to use delivered at the workshop. Of sale. 30,000 to take you through every other step of closing your 1st deal within 6 months plus legal templates, advisor to bet that investment, inspection checklist, et cetera. So this is what we gotta have a high ticket, high ticket offer. Right, well, on this particular thing. I would say, and this would be, we're not ready to quite do this or whatever, but let's just say we're charging for garden classes. Yeah. We would say, that's what I was thinking too. You can you can pay $150 now for all 10 classes or at the end, if you're satisfied, you can pay $300 or whatever it might be, or $500 for the classes. But if you buy now, and that way, if they don't show up for, you know, half the classes, you already got paid up front. You know, so it's a way to get, basically, the concept there is to get these people to think they're getting a great deal if they buy right now today, and they give you cash right now today. Um, if they, but you're selling your normal product, uh, and you're giving it to them now, and you're giving them a delayed payment plan. That's, that's the more, that's, so that's kind of cool, but then you say, hey, I can upsell that and give you the same product for this much money if this guy is today. Therefore, like your maintenance crew. Yeah, this is why this is what it's saying right now. Local business service, um, train your hedges for free. Well, I want to do it with Arbor. I've already talked to Jason about this. I said, we're to sit down and look at this. So this is what I'm saying. Pay later. 0 long caught plus ages, then 599 offer. So I guess your 1st time you're going to pay zero. And then after that, you're going to pay 99, uh, 595. Well, one of the things we're looking at also is we're working with business to business, not everything is to the homeowner. We keep thinking we're selling to the homeowner. But if we go business to business and we're selling to a landscaper. So if Jason becomes a landscaper, you know, if he becomes a true tree guy, like adaptive is, they're buying our product. Well, that guy sent me a message and very connected back with him. We got to stay in touch with him. But the bottom line on that is, with that is, he can offer pay now, pay me now, or pay me later. As a landscaper, A lot of times they'll take the regular price, but they're looking, hey, I'd rather pay you 90 days from now regular price. Um, and or now all of a sudden you make it super attractive to pay it now, they may say, shit, I agree with the value. I'll pay it now and now you get cash up front. But that would be, like you said, it's more service oriented. Could you do that with a garden? Um, if we were installing a garden, but we're not doing, you know, installs or anything like that where, um, and, you know, otherwise what you're talking about is a layaway plan to a, uh, to a buyer. You can say, look, you can make 3 easy payments of 99 each. Uh, for this product or you can pay me now for 200. That would be another way to go. Yeah, I've got your card on file. Every month I'll charge you $99. And you know I can do that, right? Well, my whole point to you is that's where you use that model. I done it with the shit, I guess. Because I thought it with the, uh, with the system that I got going on, they, they 1st, so they go and they pay 50%, then they show up and then they say, oh, install has been done, and then he sends a survey to the client, and it also already has captured the details of the card, and then it just takes the money back. So we call it in the old days, they call it layaway. So if you want to buy this now, we have a layaway plan. But the layaway plan is full price and it allows you to spread this. So if, like, a homeowner comes to you and says, I don't want to spend, I just can't afford to spend that much money right now. You say, not a problem. Give me it over the next 3 months or 6 months. And I'll charge your card every month for 6 months. Some of them will stiff you and fuck you over so, but most of them will not. He said, I think, 5 to 10% will. And when they do, you give them another downsell offer. You never let anybody go, even if they're screwing you over. You just always are selling to them, right? So, um, but that, but that is the example right there and then. So you can say, hey, look, you if cash becomes a real problem, you don't want to charge your card that much. Let's do, you know, 99 a month for 6 months or, you know, if you want. And just so you know, I'm going to hire more sales people. Well, as long as each salesperson is proving out, then you can fucking hire a 1000 of them. Well, we're just getting a lot of fucking traction, and the problem is that we need high quality fulfillment, customer service. Well, one thing I'd really like to try to do, and to do it, you need to go to some trade shows to figure it out, but I think what we want to do is find manufacturer reps, they call them. They don't call them salespeople. Some manufacturer's rep. And these guys are selling fucking everything under the sun, but they're going to trade shows for you, and they're selling to their client base for you, right? But you need to just give them the information to do it, and they only get commission off what they sell. So you don't have to hire anyone. It's unless I am. What do we got here?