I wonder if there's a store right up here that we can buy another, you know, these... There is a 7-Eleven. Yeah, should we just walk first? Why? We need to beat your makeup, turn your computer off, and then you can charge. Well, we can, we can just do that. Okay, so... So we're in the app cell, uh, in the rollover cell, and Mike is gonna read the description. So, his the problem with his deal was he was given the money all up front. So even though they won their money back, they started paying immediately. Of course, he didn't want people not paying, so, um... the... the pain cut, so they still get their money back, and it takes a year. Boom. This was it, the missing Lincoln, his money model. The one thing, the rollover upsell changed my life. Thousands of gyms, gym owners, lies, and lives of customers. The rollover up sale changed everything. Now, instead of hoping companies, customers spend money again, I roll over the cost of what they just bought toward the next thing. And when paired with some more expensive offers it skyrocks 30 day profits. And although he learned the little over upsell this way, you don't need to win your money back. Attraction offer to use it. You can roll over, upsell anything. Even stuff people bought in another business. Okay, so the description, roll over upsell credit, credits, upsells credits. Some of the customer's previous purchases toward your next offer. So and this is his experience. You get way more people to take it. So once I know, um, how much credit to give, I figure out three things. Who to upsell, what topsell, and how to roll over the credit? So, for who, I used the rollover up cells in four situations, first, to re engage customers who left a while ago. Second, to rescue upsets customers as a better alternative to erupt refund, and then, third, to rescue other people's upset customers. That way, stealing their customers. Fourth is to upsell regular customers. For what? For the what? Remember, you can upsell more of what they just got, something better, or something new and different. To make money, roll their credit over to something more expensive. For the how, you can apply all, or part of the discount, up front, or spending. Spread it over time. Okay, so, examples of rollover upsells, chiropractor, re engage an old patient with a win back campaign. Who, customers, with six months, last purchase, what? Um, new plan, how, up front? Okay? Reach out to your old patients, look for their purchase history, offer to apply some or all of their past purchases towards something more expensive than they want than they bought. So, um, that's pretty good. Okay, so how do we plan? So, the question is, is how would we require, right? So, we talk about the who, the what, and the how. So you can literally call back a customer who already bought something from us, and you can send them something saying, Hey, look, look, you just bought 10 bags of this. Um, I want to be able to give you this, this same amount of money toward this other program that I got. This other program is, you know, we're selling, we're giving you X number bags a month, or we're giving you, um, a new garden or a refresh garden. So we're gonna take what you already gave us, and we're gonna apply that dollar amount toward this... And this works more for us, service based company. Probably, but you can use some of it. So we'll probably put this in the... in the second priority. But here's the thing. Let's say we have a sale, and we're selling somebody, one of our specials for the month. You know, get, get, uh, 10 bags, 10, uh, bags of this, and get one free, or buy a palette, and get three bags free, and when they come in, you have a dollar amount. We just gave you, by giving you these three bags, we just gave you $100 worth of product. How about if I take that $100 that, instead of you buying one palette worth, you buy the faux garden package, the full garden package is a little bit more, but I'll apply that same money that you were gonna save on this sale. I am going to apply it to this next sale. So that's the concept. So, um, I think it would apply more better as a. He likes, so you can, you can, So think about what he's selling. He's selling service. He's telling that James's subscription. Okay. That's just his example. But I know, but think about somebody's buying a garden. They buy this final quantity and that's the only thing they might use later on, but my point to use that maybe we add a store credit or we come out with some other... Well, here's the thing. He's using it to roll over to attract new customers, for one, and then he's using it upsells before refunding. So instead of if somebody comes in and says, I didn't like your shit, you know, how much did you spend? I'll tell you what. Why don't I refund this money toward something better that we have, or to a new product? You know, that's another way. So, previous customers are still customers, so you're coming and you're upselling an old customer coming in, decide how much you're willing to roll over, offer it. Actually, do this. I call those win back campaigns. I made personalized videos for 200 of the past customers offering them 4,000 credit to return. We got about 20% to take the offer. One day of recording videos got us an extra $2,000. worth it. And then you have to add urgency to reroll over upsell. You got to tell them that they've got to make this deal in time. This is a once in a lifetime offer. They don't get to sleep on it. Yes, I know they may not expect it, but that's the point. You want a surprise and delight. So if they want the credit, they've got to take it now. So that's a big part of this thing, but I would say, um, when somebody comes in, you're finding out that, you know, pretty much, we sell four common products. None of them are adequate. Our compost, our worm compost, our potting soil, it's really not adequate for anything more than a single use. Our potting soil works if you've got pots or planters, and you're growing like vegetables. Our compost works. If you're mending soil in the ground, our mulch works if you're covering the soil, but every single person has a landscape or a garden, they need multiple products. So the way I would do the rollover is if I gave them a sale, let's say I give you a 20% off if you buy a palette worth of worm castings. I'm gonna give you 20% off, and I might even give you three extra nine pound bags. That value of that is $175. When they come in, I want to sell them everything they need in their yard, and I'm gonna apply that 170. They say, save it on this deal, and say, if you don't really need that deal, this is really the deal you need, because you just told me all the things you need, but you know what? I'm gonna take this savings from this sale and move it to another. So that's your, in a nutshell, that is the, um, the deal. So, price your rollover upsell. This is important. To make money on a discounted offer, you must have profit left, that you discount. after you discount it. Since I prefer to make a profit, I try to make the upsell offer at least four times more than their rollover credit. So if we gave them a deal on a package, and it saved them $200, we need to get, and we want to give them that $200 back, I need to sell them $800 worth of product. So think in terms of every customer walks in, needs multiple products. We're just trying to sell them one, and that's our mistake. So when they come in, the upside always is multiple products. It bundling. It's all the different needs in their yard. They may or may not want to address it right now, but you make a roam over offer that gets them in the door to make that decision. That's the idea. You don't need to credit the entire amount of their first purchase. You can roll over as much or a little as the first purchases you choose. I roll over whatever amount I think would incentivize them to buy the next thing. That's the real secret. So some of this has to do with us having a little experience. Sabrina, for instance, is great, but she doesn't really understand the pricing model. She'll start discounting and give one discount on top of another. So we need to make sure that everybody is trained, and this is tricky stuff. They don't know when we're giving 50% off. Are we covering our cost? What are we doing here, you know? So, we're gonna know more later. I can put a kind of constraint, so it never goes below this point. Certainly. It gives even an error. So this guy's concept is, when you're doing a rollover offer, make sure your new product that you've tried to sell them is worth four times more. So, I think that's the... Because this is how it is right now. Check it out. So this is a sales portal? Right? Recording, still. Yeah, we're recording. And then, so now you have on-site on submit offer. So if it's on site, you even have a quick charge so you can quickly charge whatever the fuck you want to charge. Because the sale pop up on that. What do you mean? Yeah. On that website, right there. Yeah, it shows you the orders? Yeah. paid. Yeah, it's pretty good. A thousand. 400. And it's every day now, so it's kind of cool. But my point to you is that, so you get here, my kids warm poop. What do you want? Oh, I want a palette. Okay. So immediately you can see there one single bag, 3490, which is pretty high price, if you think about it, right? Sure. And then you get a 20% off discount if you buy there. But suppose I get that, and I can edit the price, I'm allowing for them to edit the price. They can charge now, or they can order. And then here they can add a custom discount. So this is what happened. She added then a 30% on top of that. But my, what I'm thinking I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna have a school. I'm gonna have veterans. I'm gonna have fucking every, every single other. So you have a bunch of different potential discounts? Discounts. But if I have a 30% discount and so this one is over, you're playing A20, it's not going to overlap. I just click 30 and it's gonna override that. 20% into a 30. Does that make sense? Or no? Yeah, well, you want to do the... Obviously, you don't, if you've got a couple. Because you don't want to do 20 and then 30. No, but if you have it. 30% discount, you don't want to change it to a 20. You know, you're, you're, you've got to add something to it. You could say, oh, you're already getting 30%, that other discount doesn't apply. Unless, this is where you do the upsell again. If you want that discount, here's what you gotta do to get it. Does that make sense? Yeah. So I can, yeah, I can help you at 10%, but it has to be if you're buying... So the things that immediately we're gonna integrate is the framework. When you are in, we kind of already did this where we already trained the girls, okay, we're doing consultative sales, okay? This is the way that we call it. Are you paying attention? Mm hmm. So immediately the 1st thing that we're going to integrate before we even get into the models is going to be, Hey, how you doing? Okay, I'm looking for warmcastes. Okay, perfect. What are you working on? Okay. Is that an existing garden or you're sitting up a brand new garden? Oh, great. I'm glad to hear you jumping into gardening. Okay, boom. And are you gonna throw a, you know, warrant casting? I mean, a 7 is gold for an extra $5? Yeah, no, immediately, boom. Upset, upset. So we need to start training simultaneously with these. These are what we're doing right now is putting these together, these packages, and we're scheduling them for the year, so we have it activated. Whether it's based on a holiday, whether it's based on the season, whether it's based on our customer to type, which would be landscaper versus homeowner, and the homeowners actually split in two, one that has is growing vegetables, and the other one is growing ornamentals, you know, so these are the different things. And then, is to keep a list of all the potential plants in their yard, have them check it off. That could be something... That's gonna happen regardless. We're gonna ask you to fill this out to get your 10% off. Fill this out. All we need to do is have you check this. What do you have in your yard? So, do you have roses? Do you have citrus? Do you have palm? Do you have native material? Do you have succulents? Do you have vegetables? Just check off what you do have, and then as soon as you tell us that, we're gonna tell you about our amazing products that actually work. And you know what? We're gonna bundle some of those amazing products based on what you got there. So that's the concept, but the idea is, you're right. We need to start a training model, but we already have this locked in. So as we're training, we're walking them. We'll walk them through a train. So what I noticed about this book is not only a model, the way that we say a model, a model can incorporate a bunch of different things. Because it's not a package. But also it's not, it's not sometimes only a framework, but sometimes it is a framework. One of them is up sales, right? We talked about that's the every time you leave the phone, you're asking 5 different questions. Before it's just nothing. Now it's going to be different questions. So my point to you is that I want to integrate this. And I want to integrate next month the big giveaway. where we're going to integrate that model, where you're going to continue getting... because I want to continue getting a 1000 people per month. Think about it. I agree. But my whole point is sometimes people don't want to talk. I just want to order my product. Is that okay? And we don't want to force, you ever call up a company, and they have to read you your disclaimers and everything else, and you're like, No, I don't care about your disclaimer. I okay. I need to get off the phone, boom, boom. So you gotta make sure that we're that they're learning this in a common sense way. Again, common sense again, right? So let's get to the next model, and that next model is downselling. So this is kind of a, I think we finished. The op sales? I think. Let me see what was in there. In the upstairs... But just read the description. You don't have to, because we don't, we want to finish this. Okay, all right. So... Go all the way to the mall. What else do we have in the upsell? Did we miss it? So, we, um, we had a rollover. We do the anchor, I think we did, and we did the menu, right? And I just don't know if I remember it fully. Well, let's take a quick look at Paige 77, but I think we, unless we skipped it by accident, menu is... Oh, this is the A&B. I don't think we talked about it, but you remembered it from reading it. So let's go back to this one. This is the menu upsell. Yeah, but that's kind of pretty similar. You don't have to jump on that. No, just go to the description, then. I already, I already know it. I just need... It doesn't matter. It needs to be on that computer, so... It's already there. We talked about it. Description on the menu is, you tell customers which option they don't need. Then tell them what they do need, their preferences, and how to get their value from it. Menu upsells combine one of four tactics, upselling, prescription selling, which is like us selling to Sean, because he's growing... Consolific, yeah. Yeah, we were consulting, especially, I'd say prescription selling is better for a business to business, larger accounts, because it takes more time. And then the A slash B upselling, and the card on file. So I think we did actually talk about this before. Yeah, we did. So we're good here. The anchor, I don't, the anchor, I just got to see the diagram. Check it out. I'll tell you right now. But that doesn't matter. We're gonna, because we already talked about it, and it's already now there, really. Okay, the only thing worse than making $1,000, Oh, this is a great one. The only thing worse than making $1,000 offer to a person with $100 budget. is make it up. $100 offer to a person with a $1,000 budget. So you look at the personality, when I go to buy something, I buy the most expensive thing, thinking it's the highest quality. I'm very different from a lot of people, but people like me, you want buying your shit, right? So that's, I think, what his deal is, is make sure that you're selling the highest dollar product products that you can. The biggest package, start with that. Let them, if they don't want it, you're better off, you know, downselling it or whatever. But this thing, what you're doing here is you're selling the thing they don't care about. The thing most people don't care about, and then you're giving them a discount based on what they don't care, right? So... Yeah. I am good with it. Let's go. What is the next one? Oh, this is a conclusion. Do we want to read it, or skip it? I already did read this, and then you kind of... Okay, section down south first. Okay. What is this? So, we just... I don't know. We just talked about up, so, um, we've turned the profit on that, hopefully. You know, another step forward, awesome. But what if they say no to you? You need to downsell them. So everything that happens, if they say yes, if they say no, There's an answer for them. We got another potential sale, right? Downselling tweaks. The original offer defined the highest value solution for the show. Should we go get a beer? So any of you make after someone says, No, sit down, so. So he's saying no is good. I downsell in two ways. I change how they pay or what they get. So how they pay is, like, sometimes they say no, because they don't have cats. Yeah, put them on a paper. They don't. Yeah, so that's one thing. Or you switch the fucking... Right. So you say, you don't need the name brand. You don't need the highest quality garden setup. You can use this one here, which, you say, all the time, instead of using the ready go garden product, I'm gonna give you this other mulch product that you talk about, which is plant pal. Plant pal is not truly a good planning mix for a garden. It's really designed for ornamentals, but bottom line is, you're on a budget. But it's actually pretty good. It's okay, because most things grow in a carbon base, which is just your... Well, I'm just comparing it to the average, there, you know, we have worm castings in there. The bottom one, 831 grenos. You don't even have that in the radicals. Okay, but the bottom line is, if they came in, and they have a budget, and they only want to spend two or $300, and you're trying to sell them something for $500. You need to have something else they can buy for that two or three they have. Oh, yeah. No matter what they have in the wallet, we want to take it. That's the whole idea, right? That's one way to say that. So, um, uh, how not to doubt thou so. A real story from a friend. I was buying a car, and the salesman tried to upsell the car insurance. The cost of the insurance, when he first started, was 5,000. I said, No. Then he turned to a lower price. I said, no again. He kept lowering the price until some same insurance offered $5,000 was now offered for $400. By now, he's lost his credibility. I'm thinking, this, you son of a bitch you tried to sell in this $400 package for $5,000. Boom, boom. So you don't want to do that. Yeah, I never... I've never done it. The rules I used to do with my personal business, and it's just a fucking race to the bottom. The deal on, these are the rules. Remember, they said no to this offer. Not all offers. That's a beautiful way to look at it. They said, no, to this offer, not all. So you got to come up with a new offer. But also, at a certain point, you gotta stop it, and this book talks about it too. Well, sometimes a lot of people say no, that's okay, just because they rejected this suffer doesn't mean they'd rejected it. From you. It hurts when somebody rejects it, you, but, um, this is the, some of the reasons they reject it is they just don't want to spend that much money, or they don't want to spend that much money on that particular product. So instead of hiding your head in sand, stand your ground and make another offer. No means, no, for this thing, but no, no, for everything. Down sells or trades. When downselling, you work with the customer to find combination of giving and getting until you get a match. If you're gonna give something, uh, then get something. Okay? So, personalized, don't pressure, figure out what they like, and what they don't like, then offer more of what they do like... Like we... less of what they don't like. Like, we just had a car with a press match. With this guy in. He was like, well, we only have 200, and the entire price was like 2000, right? And so I said, well, we want to work with schools, definitely. And we'll, um, you know, we, um, one thing that you can do is get to, um, instead buying a fucking palette, buy a tote. But then even there, I was like, well, you still have a trucking price? But what I should have done is like, well, you know what? Fuck it. If you can do a video for us, testimonial, some sort of requirement, we'll fucking give you something, right? Give it to you a better person. Okay. You offer the same thing in new ways. In a perfect world, you've got tons of different things to sell to everyone. So something everyone has something to buy. In the real world, you're limited, and you're down cells to what you actually have. Otherwise, you create 100 businesses' worth of products and problems. A silly choice. So I think of downselling more like 100 ways to offer the stuff you already have. Okay, interesting. Don't drop your price just to get somebody to buy. First of all, dropping your price is not really downsilling. It's discounted. If someone wants what you have, you just and just doesn't want to pay the price, tough cookies. On the other hand, you can't offer them to pay less now, and more money over time, a payment plan. But whatever you do, don't change the price. Just get to some, get them to buy us something. Castor's talking... Not even given the discount straight like that is... Yeah. But everything has a time limit, too. So, yeah, you got this last month, but we had a special one. Okay, customers talk about price, by all means test prices. Plan to offer your thing at a specific price to a specific number of people ahead of time. That's way different than changing somebody less charging somebody less in the moment just because you felt scared of losing the sale. So, in other words, you know, you don't get the flexibility as a salesperson to drop the price into anything you want. Right? Customers talk. If they find out somebody got the same thing for less, just because just because you upset somebody, it also becomes an ethical problem. Right? So you have to avoid it. I use three simple and brutally effective downsell processes, payment plan downsells, how they pay, trial, with penalty, how they get paid. And then feature the downset, what they said, what they get. This downsell process proves 30 day profit, even through there. They do it by making even more sales and customers have said no. And I love them because with just a couple of tweaks, you can fit them into your business and reap the rewards today. Okay? So, payment plan down south, that's one of the ones you talked about. You got layaway, you got half, half an hour, half later, three pay, and then even evenly spread payments, okay? That are different choices. He talked about having one month's rent and savings left to his name. And he had never gotten a stranger to give me money. And now I had to get dozens of strangers to give me money, and the next few weeks, just to keep the lights on. I only made a few sales call the first week. I kept that up. It meant going hungry very soon. I had nightmares about going back in the failure. The idea was embarrassing. The next morning, a lead walked in. And I went through my normal patches. She said, I can't afford it. Normally, I just give up, but I really needed the money, so in my desperation, I blew it up. Okay, what can you? When do you get paid? The first, okay, just put half down now, and half when you get paid. Can't afford that either. Okay? Do you really want this program? Yeah, I do. Okay. What if you do three payments and just put a third down today? I still can't do it. Hmm. What can you do? Honestly, nothing. But I can pay for her thing. on the first. My rent was due on the fifth, bingo. Sounds good. Just give me your card, and I'll charge it on the second. So he postponed the date. So that's when we was gonna fucking get the car. Two weeks later, he ran the card, and it worked my first ever payment plan. A success. Okay? Claim it, plan down sells work, no matter how many zeros the price tag has. I made tens of millions of dollars with them, and I still use them to stay. But payment plans are a gamble. So you have to know how to use them. I know now how to use them, and I'll show you. Payment plans are gambled because they can make money in one way, but they can lose money, too. They make you more money when you get more customers, and those customers compete, complete their payments. They make you less money when people cancel before you turn a profit. You can lose the most when people who would have paid in the full payment plan, and they cancel early. So this chapter maximizes how to do it. So, the description, when most people think down so, they think it's the lower, lower amount, lower quality, cheaper on the, on the, on so on. Fair enough. But I like to downsell my offering the same product again. I know it sounds crazy, but hear me out. Instead of offering a different thing, I spread the cost by charging some of it up front and putting some into the schedule panels. He calls that a payment plan. Don't sell. Many people reject offers because they cost too much, sometimes true, but in the response to this, business owners of other sales professional will immediately discount ourselves cheaper stuff just to get people in to say yes. However, a huge percentage of the time, because... So you think we're not going to be able to work on this anymore? We'll see. Probably, possibly not. So, um, so the payment plan down the cell process takes up to 7 days. The process shifts from getting paid more upfront to more overtime. Because I wish I could go take a nap right now. I stop when they buy... Here are the steps. Your word for paying in full, rather than... Tomorrow morning? Punish for paying overtime. Um, out for third party financing, credit card, layway, off for half an hour, half later. We can do that to see if they still. you know why? It's fucking, because sometimes, like if I go to a place and they don't offer, um, payment plans, I'm just gonna go to the next one. Yeah, well, check to see if they want the thing. Make sure they still want it. Offered split into 3 payments. offer evenly spread payments, offer a trial at free trial. And let's go through in order. So I think that, this one, example, plan down so process reward is a reward for paying in full, rather than punish, uh... Because she doesn't wake up early, does she? If I take on the risk of payment plan, I increase the price. So that's what you got to understand if you're going to give them a payment plan, you got to change, charge a little bit more. Normal businesses do a pencil. If we were dealing with that, though. But he does it by offering a discount if they pay in full. So he's saying, okay, you want payment plan? Here it is, but tell you one thing. So she comes in and says, I can only spend $200 every day, or I can't spend, you know, anything now or whatever she says. And then you say, well, would you still want the product? You want it over 3 payments. Then, ultimately, you say, okay, here's the price, over 3 payments or 4 or 5, and then you say, but, tell you what, I'm gonna give you 25% off right now, if you pay it up front. You know, probably, that's another way to get. All of a sudden, they find that they have a credit card. I can charge your credit card, you know? Um, so that's one of the things you're, you're always doing is, you're always having a discount if they pay you now. Because we want cash in front. We want to... But we... But if we start Kona, they're able to pay in full for us. And for them, they just deal with them. This is this is something you're using maybe one out of 10 times, maybe one out of 100 times. The point is, is it's a toolkit in your head that you've got to be able to pull out when you're ready to pull it out, right? So that's the offer 3rd party financing. So a credit card. So you're just going to ignore my statements earlier? Yeah, because I'm finishing this right here. It's because you want to read the narrative and not the description. So for me, you're, I feel like you're just like, Off for half, half, half. So I already read the fucking book. know that right? I know, but the last thing you produced was not good. It's not enough to actually make a change in what we're doing. The, um... My brother, they work on that too. When's the next time you get paid? You know, that's one of the things. Just pay half down today. Yeah, but that's not, I don't, I don't see, just so you know, I understand your poem, but I don't see it as a biable. Bye, animal. Let's see. You know why? Because we barely take fucking time to fucking collect the fucking money that they own. It's just too much more fun going on. And so the system, for the most part, does everything for you, okay? He collects the fucking payment. So here's the deal. You've got fish. You ever wait tables in a restaurant? That's, like, one of the most determinations of a successful person that you worked in a restaurant. So the bottom line is, you get people come in and you read those people. sometimes you're wrong. But a lot of times you're not. So you know when a church group comes in on a Sunday, 20 people, you stay away from them. These church people never give you tips, and they're all gonna ask for individual bills. So all of a sudden, you serve the table, and now you kind of come up with 20 different bills for them, right? So the idea here is you're reading the table. If they come in and you're adamant, they only want one or two things, you try a couple upsells, maybe a downsell, whatever you do, then you gotta walk away from it. But if you start getting a bigger fish on board, like, she got 30 truck loads of product, now you've got discussion going on. So some of these, some of these sales at that point are going to take place. It may not be on a day to day, space basis with somebody that's just buying one bag or something, but it may be something down the road. Because is it worth it to spend an hour to get a sale like Sean? Or a week or two, or whatever, or even spending enough time with the tree guys. What's the what's her name? So, hunt up there? Right. So, I think we got this one. Sweet. Then they have another one called Seesaw. If you prefers fewer steps or have less experienced salesmen, often, then you can use this payment plan down self process. I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. Yeah. Oh, how about plan at least for the next upcoming 3 months? Um, before? No, I just have it, because I want to work on it, but I want to work on it, like, calm. Okay, you know? So the seesaw downselling. Let's do go through this. to the end of this, at least this section, right? If you prefer less steps, because you have less experienced salespeople, then you can use this payment plan downsell process. Instead of asking for the full amount, you just ask, would you rather have a giant month? See, you're reading the fucking errand. Let me do it myself. They'll say tiny. So I want to get to the to the to the Brandon mother. If you prepay it today, you can get a huge discount. That's the whole idea. Giving them a huge discount to get the money now. Payment plants have built in up cells. You know, you can offer more as they're doing it. I'll break it down simpler. Okay. Can I try it? with the entire chapter. We're going faster than we did in the car. No, you're just reading, and not absorbing, in the car, there was conversation on how to apply it to suicide and water. So oh, look at this. This is his little coupon here. It's a video. So I'm gonna give this summary. We're done with this entire section, by the way. So how about if I just read the summary points? And then we finish, we'll be done for now. Payment plan down sells spread.