Vanessa is a $100000000 model presentation. Okay, next. We jump into the curtier. So what do they have to do? They're going to, 1st of all, just a little note, they're gonna actually get their money back as store credit. I'm actually gonna move that into the biggest slide. Okay, got it. Um, So here's the criteria. Oh, this is, I guess, little facts about what the criteria does or whatever. The criteria are gonna be bi-weekly check-ins. So they have to meet with us twice that month. They have to use and post the social media templates with UFE as a collaborator. So as soon as they post it, whether it be in that month or the next month, that triggers the criteria and then leave a review and testimony. So that's just gonna, I don't know if I should just put testimony video in there, you know, it just can't be a Google review, like it has to be a testimony video. And what essentially this does is where, 1st of all, I'm not going to give their money back. We're gonna give it as a store credit and we're also going to create opportunities for upsells via check-in. So on those 2 bi-weekly check-ins. Maybe our 1st one is going to be. Um, Well, 1st of all, Skyfire, I don't know. We have so many different, um, alignments that we can't. I can't really tell you what we check in about, but we figure out which one is best for them out of our ecosystem and upsell that one, right? You'll get to know them a little bit, whatever the case may be. So the idea here is that it has to be so simple. Like, if it seems too easy, it's good, okay? And, um, what we're trying to do, so I, if you can use your brain a little bit for urban farming education and what it represents, our missions name, I've heard Joe say, is that it bridges the gap between education and action. So we want to create the best profile for our core offerings. So we want the companies that, Believe that people will take action if they're well educated about it. So how do we leverage our check-ins? to really fill that out for them, okay? Beyond that, um, everyone is a winner. I'm sorry, with that last statement. That was like an input thing. Do you think there's anything that we should be asking in our check-ins that potentially could see if they're aligned with our ecosystem. Um. Are you asking me the director? Yeah. Like any brainstorm, like? No, I think that's actually really, really good. I'm actually very impressed. I think it's gonna come, like, automatically. Once we're talking to them. We're gonna get the flow of it. Yeah, because you're checking in and basically you're trying to identify how you can help them and what are the opportunities, the opportunities you can create. Yeah. Okay. All right. And then finally, everyone is a winner. So even if they don't make this criteria, what's gonna happen is we call them or we leave them a message to say, hey, you know what? You're still gonna get that $500. Like, it's okay. What happened? What really matters to us is that you tried. So we want to help you out and apply that $500 to, um, the... $1,000? A $1000 tier, our featured sponsorship, we wanna get you your own custom video. We want to update it, talk about the new, because the 1st people that I'm gonna hit is our old partners, maybe the pitches that we want to update that, um, Oh, the activation, whatever the hell it is, okay? Cool. That's it. Any questions? You finished? Yeah. Wow. Everyone's winner. Okay. No, no, sorry, sorry, sorry. No, no, no. This is the outreach flow. Okay. The 1st email is going to be our UFE ecosystem introduction. This is only going to work for our new clients that are not currently in our CRM or clients that we have a bad email for. We can't just send them a UFE ecosystem introduction if we've already been spamming them, okay? Then, launch giveaway. This is when we're going to launch the Google ads after everything is planned and the social medias to highlight this giveaway. And at the same time, we're gonna email the giveaway. That is our 2nd point of email and touch, okay? So Joe has a system where he is able to see when the emos are being opened. So the next step is I'm gonna call those opened emails. If they even open one, I want to give them a call or at least do a little bit of research, if I can get a fast pitch, leave a voicemail. And then I also want to, um, I don't know, talk about the whatever. Oh, and we can, if they've opened it twice, then I know they're fucking interested. Like, those are my 1st calls. You know, people who read both of them. Next, I'm gonna send a follow-up email in that follow-up email. I'm gonna say, hey, I don't know if you've seen, but I gave you a call and left you a voice message like discussing harvesting wisdom. I feel free to give me a call, blah, blah, blah. That's our final point of contact, our point of contact, stops there. Then we're gonna visit anyone on the cuff. So somebody said, you know what? Send me your information. Send me like a deck. like, tell me what this is all about. I'm gonna be like, yeah, whatever. I'll send you the information, but I have a little bit of extra time on Tuesday. If you do, I'd love to stop by, check out the operations, you know, get a full for what you do there, you know, and I can either tell them about it or just show up. I feel like it works better if I just show up. And then two, in-person visits are the people who didn't open 2 emails, but maybe they didn't answer the phone or the strong alignment. I may go out and visit them. Next, we're gonna upsell the core option. How many slices is this? It's a whole deck. How much, how where we are? We are... I don't know. 19, so we have like 8 more. Wow. 7 more. It's really detailed to now. Okay. All right, upsell core offer. Okay. Here's our 1st package that when they're going to apply their $500, this is what they're gonna be applying it to. It's going to be a feature video, a host read integration for social posts that compares to our two. It compares to our one here, and then it's gonna have a CTA newsletter integration. So like I was telling you before, a highlight of what they want us to do for them, category exclusivity, meaning we can only have 5 and their logo on our website. 2 bonuses that we're gonna throw at them for a downsell opportunity is going to be our branded promo and Skyfire tabling. Um, I put the bonus to Skyfire tamely, because I think that's a little bit more prestige. People fly into that. I, I think it has a more momentum. And then for our feature partner, the messaging is test the platform. What is this one for? This, uh, sell for? This is now our premium package. Remember in the beginning of the slide deck. It was 2 different, um, It was 2 different core packages, and it, like, had a bunch of shit into it. Do you remember I fished that way earlier? This is now what that upper tier looks like. Why does he say $100? I thought, is that? $1000 dollars. Oh, so you're missing a zero? Oh, sorry. Sorry. This is featured. Featuring... Got it? Okay, yeah, so that's gonna be our down cells as well that we can take away. Messaging is you've tested you've tested the platform, proved the value, and scale what works, right? You've already had a month with us. Just keep moving forward. Next, our previous partner campaign. So simultaneously, while we're launching the 1st campaign, because that's gonna be pretty much all automated, I'm going to be personally launching our previous partner campaign. And what that looks like is we're going to partner with the partners that we've done so much work with, and I think this is something we should pursue because we've never really had such an accessible product for them to purchase in. A lot of the time we would pitch them 5000 a 1000 when we start at 500, it's like, oh, hey, yeah, I can invest in just a month and I can be personable with them to say, honestly, a month helps us get us off the, like build a little bit of momentum. I'm going to be very vulnerable in the way that it acts as a call for help before we launch into our busiest time. And we tell them like, hey, we just revamped all of our operations, we feel so confident in our planning, like we want to execute some really strong things this year, but we need help from our partners to boost us into it. Does that make sense? It's a whole separate campaign and it's personal. So it's long simultaneously, it's simple, clean, fast, not too much time. Like, this point of contacts are gonna be very, very simple because if they don't want to work with us, they don't want to work with us, okay? So the flow is going to be called. Um, One, it adds the personality of it, whatever, email. So we're gonna include momentum of year. And call to action, as I've just discussed, that's gonna mention the themes of the email. In person visits. If it's somebody, like, for example, there's a guy, LEHR, he's always at his operation. He does the methane gas. In his podcast, you know, I could reach out to him and there's also Richard, which is a good friend of ours. You know, we highlight, we're a 5013C. Like, you can just tell your tax account, I write it as a donation after research if they can actually do that. Right as a donation, call it a day, you know? So win win. And then, um... Last resort is we're gonna highlight the giveaway. I don't know. Initially, it was the cue. We just give them the giveaway, but I think there's some potential to launch another campaign on these people that might be a little bit more appetizing because that $1000, they already have a video. So it's easier to pitch the 501 than the 1000 because Um. Yeah, I don't know. I just, yeah. Okay. Are you done? Yep, sorry. Okay, next campaign. And we're not gonna get too much into it, okay? Because this is a little bit later on where Empire is, what's important? Our anchor upsell. So our anchor up sale could look like something like we offer them an experience. I don't know how I don't know what, but the cost has to be $5000 and it has to be something that applies to harvesting wisdom. I don't know, unique. Okay? Maybe we think of a unique package, which just came into my mind right now. You know how we were at, um, the wildfire burger place in downtown Phoenix. And, um, it's like where you get beers and stuff and then... Wilderness? Yeah, wilderness. And then it was like a podcast going on there with like 5 people different, 5 people there. Maybe we can offer something like that. Like, you get a whole piano there, and it's like, people come to watch, like, it's something very high exclusive live event. And that's our anchor episode that has to make them be like, oh, my. They might say yes. It's a good package, but then that $1000 one looks a lot more achievable. Get them everything that they want. It's a nice comparison. Then we have a decoy offer. I think I may have built something for a decoy offer, so I'll save that for a little bit. And then buy X-Gale Y free. So this is gonna look like, Hypothetically, what comes into my mind is if we had a storefront, I don't know, I don't know what I, that's, that's always what comes to me, okay? Um, You can get by 3 months of the $1000 tier membership and get XYZ months in this other opportunity, like classes at our project grow, or if we potentially develop a storefront. The thing about this is we're going to have to raise our prices and we have to raise it permanently. So that's something that we're going to leverage in the future after we've already exhausted our 5000 level people. Once we're busy and we need to scale up, we're going to increase our prices and launch that campaign and it'll probably be right near 2027 or... I don't know Yeah, we have like 3 months out, so we'll be very, very busy, so moving on to this is a scrap. Slide, sorry. That might be it. Yeah, that's it. Okay, it's 19 slides. I'm gonna walk you through a lot of things, okay? Real quick. Um, I'm like kind of go fast and I'm not necessarily a number going this week. Can I get it? Yeah, look at anything right here if you want to go back. Okay. Um, I'm gonna try to be quick, 'cause it's a lot of notes, okay? Yeah. Okay. Number one, I gotta tell you, Vanessa, like, most people wouldn't get to... 50% of what she's done, okay? So congrats, it's literally like a night. Okay? Yeah. I'll tell you how to make it at 10. Yay. Okay. Okay, so real quick. And I'm not necessarily looking for commentary back and forth because it's gonna last too long, okay? Okay, okay. So, but just wanted to give you a quick feedback. Okay. So, um, okay, so let me start with the 1st one. ecosystem. I love this one, this team, okay? Yeah. And so right now you are selling a ticket price of $1000. Yeah. But what Mike and everybody's looking for to sell is a ticket price of $20,000, 30, 50,00. Okay. So instead of only using harvesting wisdom, you should definitely figure it out what is your ICP, your ideal customer profile, and how do you leverage multiple those for a higher ticket price? Okay? Perfect. I'm gonna move on to the next one. Marketing segments. This is actually really, really good. The only, uh, visually, you should make the title much, much, um, noticeable, then the the bottom thing. So make sure you make them bigger and I'm able to see here. And then so, So one distinction that I want you to do is that in the viewer, I'm the viewer, and I 1st got introduced to the ecosystem, the multiple companies, and I'm recording it. Okay? And, um, so you don't feel kind of crazy, um, cooking notes. But, um, when I go here to the next one, I'm not sure if these marketing segments are only, are only for harvesting wisdom podcasts or they are for... For, um, All of them. Daddy, I said in the thing that we're gonna circle back to the, um, thing and I just haven't built it in, would you be worth it? Would you say it's worth it to like dive in, like how those would apply? I think you can show it to market. Mark is gonna like this. Okay, okay. marketing. Okay. And then um, quick feedback too. At some points, you dive too much into it. Um, and you have a lot of slides. So you probably took about 30, 40 minutes. You might not have that much time. Is this a new one? No, I just start, I recorded, started recording in midcommercial. But my point to you is you gotta go through it much quicker, but just get to the point, okay? Okay, so. And I'm not asking you here in the marketing segments to necessarily add all of the marketing segments of every yield of them. Yeah. What I'm asking here is like you put a lot of work here. Great work, okay? number one is appreciated. Um, But, um, one thing, and it's great. Um, just that, you know, you kind of just want to go through the beer, but at the same time you can use this to teach it. So make sure in these marketing segments slide, just add harvesting wisdom, if that is what it is, right? Okay, partners, I agree, you should remove it from here because you don't want that guy to get defensive. Okay, 1000000 models, okay? So I think this is very, very perfect. very good, okay? Now, um, I don't necessarily see those as that 3 takeaways. Okay, what do you say? Um, number one is that I see the 1st takeaway is Attraction. Offers. Okay. The 2nd one, I see it as frameworks of selling, and you don't have to, and you don't have to record, you kind of, you can do it your own, right? I'm just kind of giving it. Yeah, it really helps my brain memorize and like really understand. Okay. And that's it for my journal. And then what you have there is create finals for recurring sales. Well, not necessarily recurring sales, um, but, you know, it's. That's actually quoted from the book. Right, but it's not the entire bookcase about that and this is in the title page, right? Um, but, but, you can keep it. That's okay. No problem, okay? Okay, so this is perfect. Oh, but did you have another thing besides that one? Not necessarily. I'm just saying 3 things because I see 3 things in there. But this is perfect. Okay. So I think here's where I think you need to add something, okay? So you're talking here. And, um, If you put you go here, this is a lot of analytical data. Yeah. You are diving in right away to the wheats without explaining the higher concept here. So what I would add here is. Um, is before you get into the nitty-gritty. You're gonna say the actual mission, okay, which is, hey, um, Our main mission is to get you as a business owner, to get, uh, attention, attraction, you know, to write before you get into the integrity. This is good that you show it. Yeah. But I don't really care to be diving into detail here in the presentation. I'm just saying, hey, here's everything, and we have host integration, social proposal, and then we'll want to the next one. Yeah, I am actually, I think what I'm going to do here is I'm going to say, but even look at it. I even want to go through it because it's doing a lot right now. We're gonna come back. And then I'm gonna plug it in afterwards so I can show the simplicity comparison maybe or something like that. This is what our model used to be and how complex it was, you know? Yeah, and um, too early, right? Yeah, and maybe that's too early. Yeah, that's that's maybe not my problem because... You get bored. Boring. Well, right now, it seems like you're starting, you're gonna start talking about the book. Yeah. And then right away you kind of overwhelm me with this. You know? stops the flow. We're gonna have to plug that in though, right? Yeah. Okay, core offer. our starting point, 15 minute interview. I like it. Um, but this is. I wouldn't put this. Um, as an offer because this is not like one of the $100000000 models. This is our core offer. No, well, this is saying a discovery meeting. How is that an offer? You know what I'm saying? It's a 50 minute interview. That's what you're saying there. That's like. But what...