Talking about the website, we're going to do a revamp, serious revamp. We're going to focus on simplicity, but at the same time provide a lot of value, making it super intuitive like no other website before so that the whole, the organic soil buyer understands where to go and how to go quickly right away. So in the first screen, as the first, as the customers enter the website, the homepage, the first thing that they have to see is what are you looking, hey, what are you looking for? Are you looking for soil organic, actually say, say, are you looking for a soil amendment and a picture of somebody putting dairy compost into a fruit tree or a farm? And then the second option is going to be, oh, are you looking for potting soil? And then show an illustration or a picture of actual soil, and the main focus is the soil and growing vegetables. But the main focus is the soil. Then we have subcategories of questions below that where it's like wholesale, wholesale size categories, and then one is going to be bulk and showcase bulk delivery, and the other one is going to be pallets of big super sacks. And so this category, I want you to show a few pictures, pallet of boxes, pallet of a super sack, which is like a big bag, and a pallet of larger bags, about 40 to 50 units, blank white bags on top of a pallet. So those are the three categories. And make it so that, so that that is the only thing that the customer sees, and is able to select one. And then, but the entire system focus your attention towards doing that selection first, and then moving on to what is the delivery. I mean, what is it that you're looking for on the size category? And then you're able to click on that and check mark that, and then you are able, once that is chosen. So number one is that you select the soil categories. Is it a soil amendment, or is it a repotted soil where you grow on top of it? And you can add even those descriptions. Number two, if they, so if they say soil, show the products that we have right now, open them up so that they can click on the product, and they can click product and quantity. No, actually, they click only product, quantity, and quantity, and then they can click on the product, quantity, and if whether delivery applies to them. And obviously, what I'm going to give you is going to be, we're going to make it an app so that they may, they put their information in there, their proximity, I mean, their address. And based on the proximity, we send them an automatic quote.